
Unique values in metadata.mods.note field:

	Publications by students

	Inscribed notes on the side of cartoon.

	{'@displayLabel': 'dpn', '#text': 'This object was added to the Digital Preservation Network in November 2017.'}

	Inscribed notes on the bottom of cartoon.

	Inscribed notes on the side of cartoon. The caption to the illustration is attached to the bottom.

	The caption to the illustration is attached to the bottom.

	Dates inferred from bulk dates of archival collection.

	{'@displayLabel': 'Attribution', '#text': 'Nashville Public Library, Special Collections owns copyright of this image. Contact  library.nashville.org for terms of use.'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'dpn', '#text': 'This object was added to the Digital Preservation Network in November 2016.'}

	Dates inferred from archival collection dates.

	Transcribed from slide mount: Alum Cave

	Transcribed from slide mount: abt Alum Cave Bluff; comin [sp.] down

	Transcribed from slide mount: Man from New Orleans with Sulphor [sp.]; He gave me a paper weight.; He gave me a sulphor [sp.] paperweight

	Transcribed from slide mount: Near Chimneys

	Transcribed from slide mount: Bear near Chimneys

	Transcribed from slide mount: ?

	Transcribed from slide mount: Mama Bear & her cub

	Transcribed from slide mount: Sun just comin [sp.] over Mt LaConte [sp.]; Bull Head [sp.] Mt. abt 9:30AM

	Transcribed from slide mount: Bull Head.

	Transcribed from slide mount: Bull Head

	Transcribed from slide mount: Cades Cove

	Transcribed from slide mount: Oliver Home; Cades Cove

	Transcribed from slide mount: Oliver Home in Cades Cove

	Transcribed from slide mount: Cades Cove Rd. abt 8" snow

	Transcribed from slide mount: Cades Cove picnic area.

	Transcribed from slide mount: Johnson's home. Way up back of John Olivers Home 4-P.M.

	Transcribed from slide mount: at the Oliver Home, Cades Cove

	Transcribed from slide mount: Cades Cove (a little to lite.)

	Transcribed from slide mount: Cades Cove Rd.

	Transcribed from slide mount: In Cades Cove

	Transcribed from slide mount: Tunnel on Cades Cove Rd

	Transcribed from slide mount: Shield Home in Barn yard

	Transcribed from slide mount: Cades Cove Rd

	Transcribed from slide mount: Shingles in Cades Cove.

	Transcribed from slide mount: on Cades Cove Rd.

	Transcribed from slide mount: School House Gap trail. [sp.] at Cades Cove Rd.

	Transcribed from slide mount: Chimney [sp.] at Whitehead Home in Cades Cove; should use faster speed

	Transcribed from slide mount: Becky Cables Home; Cades Cove

	Transcribed from slide mount: Cades Cove- Myers Home; (2-lite) [sp.]

	Transcribed from slide mount: Back road in Cades Cove

	Transcribed from slide mount: Cades Cove Rd.; 10" snow

	Transcribed from slide mount: Mr & Mrs Carlson West Chester, Ill.; They were in Cades Cove and I asked them to pose in foreground

	Transcribed from slide mount: on Cades Cove Road.

	Transcribed from slide mount: Cades Cove. I was with Mr & Mrs Frank Davis; We made this shot together. I told him about Inf on 7 stop.

	Transcribed from slide mount: The Shields Home Place

	Transcribed from slide mount: Cades Cove. Myers Barn

	Transcribed from slide mount: Old Mill in Cades Cove-Great Smokies

	Transcribed from slide mount: Closest object 6 ft.; Cades Cove

	Transcribed from slide mount: (2.lite) Cades Cove Mill

	Transcribed from slide mount: Cades Cove. Snow & Ice Tops.

	Transcribed from slide mount: Cades Cove camp area

	Transcribed from slide mount: Back Rd in Cades Cove

	Transcribed from slide mount: Cades Cove Old Mill

	Transcribed from slide mount: Back Road in Cades Cove (for B Harn)

	Transcribed from slide mount: Cades Cove.

	Transcribed from slide mount: at the Miller home at the cave entrance. Barringers & Millers of Ohio. The Miller family in Dry Valley.

	Transcribed from slide mount: Cherokee Orchard

	Transcribed from slide mount: apples at Cherokee

	Transcribed from slide mount: Looking up Newfound Gap Highway from top of 1st Chimney peak. By Robeneet

	Transcribed from slide mount: Chimneys

	Transcribed from slide mount: Near Chimneys looking down

	Transcribed from slide mount: Chimney Tops

	Transcribed from slide mount: Loop

	Transcribed from slide mount: Chimney foot bridge

	Transcribed from slide mount: Just above Chimney camp grounds

	Transcribed from slide mount: Chimney Top [sp.]

	Transcribed from slide mount: Clingman [sp.] Dome

	Transcribed from slide mount: Looking down Clingmans dome rd.

	Transcribed from slide mount: Mrs Heffron

	Transcribed from slide mount: Clingman [sp.]

	Transcribed from slide mount: Clingmans Dome

	Transcribed from slide mount: F. Creek Gap

	Transcribed from slide mount: Fighting Creek Gap; 12-noon

	Transcribed from slide mount: Fighting Creek Gap

	Transcribed from slide mount: Looking down fighting Creek Gap.; 4.PM.

	Transcribed from slide mount: F Creek Gap

	Transcribed from slide mount: Down on Fight Creek Gap.

	Transcribed from slide mount: Maloney Point; F [sp.] Creek Gap

	Transcribed from slide mount: Fighting Creek Gap.

	Transcribed from slide mount: Fontana

	Transcribed from slide mount: Fontana Dam; Taken for me by Mr & Mrs Dyral [sp.] Garrison

	Transcribed from slide mount: Fontana Dam; Taken for me by Mr & Mrs Daryl Garrison

	Transcribed from slide mount: Fontana; Isabelle & me

	Transcribed from slide mount: Fontiana [sp.]

	Transcribed from slide mount: Ski Lodge; Gatlinburg, Ten

	Transcribed from slide mount: Wellard Beebe & I rode this thing.

	Transcribed from slide mount: Wellard Beebe on Sky Lift in Gatlinburg. I turned in my seat & shot this (just plain luck)

	Transcribed from slide mount: Up Rich Mt Rd.; Tiptons Home

	Transcribed from slide mount: Maloney Point.

	Transcribed from slide mount: Lurell [sp.] Falls; Mrs Dudley Heath, Elgin, Ill.; abt 3PM

	Transcribed from slide mount: Laurel Falls.; abt 3PM

	Transcribed from slide mount: Laurel Falls.; about 3PM.

	Transcribed from slide mount: Laurel Lake

	Transcribed from slide mount: Laurel Lake; Townsend Tenn

	Transcribed from slide mount: Laurel Lake in distance; "Taken near Lee Cabin"; Dry Valley from rich mt rd.

	Transcribed from slide mount: snow at forks of Little River 10" wet

	Transcribed from slide mount: cloudy. River in back

	Transcribed from slide mount: Little River

	Transcribed from slide mount: Water fall on Little River 6-mi from D House

	Transcribed from slide mount: Little River near Rube Buchannons

	Transcribed from slide mount: Little River.

	Transcribed from slide mount: A.M.

	Transcribed from slide mount: near stone face in Little River Gorge

	Transcribed from slide mount: Rapids in Little River near D. House

	Transcribed from slide mount: just above Sinks on Little River

	Transcribed from slide mount: Derris House

	Transcribed from slide mount: 6-8-53 on Greagorys [sp.] Bald

	Transcribed from slide mount: Davenport Gap

	Transcribed from slide mount: La Conte [sp.] from Maloney Point

	Transcribed from slide mount: Mt Le Conte from Maloney Pt.

	Transcribed from slide mount: on top of Old Smoky; La Conte [sp.]

	Transcribed from slide mount: Mt La conte [sp.] from Maloney Point; nix

	Transcribed from slide mount: Newfound Gap; 9- above zero at 1-P.M. It was 3- above at 8-AM Windard said it was.

	Transcribed from slide mount: Dandelon [sp.] Newfound Gap

	Transcribed from slide mount: at Newfound Gap 5000 ft El.

	Transcribed from slide mount: with Mr Witts filter on top of Old Smoky

	Transcribed from slide mount: Lyla Ray & Luis Ray Â? , Elgin, Ill.; Ronnie; Newfound Gap on Top of Old Smoky

	Transcribed from slide mount: Newfound Gap in Oct. with Budenharn & Mr Todd

	Transcribed from slide mount: "Lady Heffron" (on top of Ole Smoky)

	Transcribed from slide mount: at Newfound Gap

	Transcribed from slide mount: Mrs Walter Ralston and Dr. Anna Caladona, Ill. Ruth Good, Liberty Ville, Ill. Mr. Witte.; I met these people on top of Old Smoky.

	Transcribed from slide mount: Mr & Mrs Tipton up Rich Mt. Rd.; This old home

	Transcribed from slide mount: cabin at Rich Mt Tower

	Transcribed from slide mount: Rich Mt

	Transcribed from slide mount: On Rich Mt Rd. near Lee's cabin. Laurel Lake in distance

	Transcribed from slide mount: Rich Mt Rd.

	Transcribed from slide mount: Rich Mt about 9AM

	Transcribed from slide mount: Rich Mt Road

	Transcribed from slide mount: Rich Mt. about 9AM

	Transcribed from slide mount: from Rich Mt Tower

	Transcribed from slide mount: on Rich Mt about 9AM; Laurel Lake in distant left.; clouds lifting

	Transcribed from slide mount: from Rich Mt Tower; ?

	Transcribed from slide mount: Rich Mt 930 AM

	Transcribed from slide mount: the Lusks,- Barretts, Dunns, Garrisons on Rich Mt Rd

	Transcribed from slide mount: above the clouds on Rich Mt.; Dry Valley below

	Transcribed from slide mount: Rich Mt Tower

	Transcribed from slide mount: Rich Mt Rd

	Transcribed from slide mount: above the clouds on Rich Mt. 8-AM

	Transcribed from slide mount: Rich Mt Rd. Picked by Bell; moved a bit

	Transcribed from slide mount: Redbud above the clouds. Rich Mt.; Spring

	Transcribed from slide mount: Rich Mt Tower; with Beebes & Cranes

	Transcribed from slide mount: on Rich Mt above clouds; redbud shrubs in foreground.

	Transcribed from slide mount: at Lee's cabin on side of Rich Mt.; Leaf reflection on lamp shade

	Transcribed from slide mount: Rich Mt 9AM

	Transcribed from slide mount: Rich Mt. 9-AM

	Transcribed from slide mount: Rich Mt; Dry Valley; back side

	Transcribed from slide mount: Rich Mt.

	Transcribed from slide mount: Loop.

	Transcribed from slide mount: Little River Gorge

	Transcribed from slide mount: Maloney Point on 73

	Transcribed from slide mount: Clingmans Dome parking area.

	Transcribed from slide mount: near loop

	Transcribed from slide mount: Maloney Point

	Transcribed from slide mount: Fighting Creek Gap. way down.

	Transcribed from slide mount: just above loop.; Winter

	Transcribed from slide mount: at Loop.

	Transcribed from slide mount: on Little River Rd. with the gange [sp.] from Metropolis

	Transcribed from slide mount: on Cades Cove Rd. going up. (near top of hill)

	Transcribed from slide mount: In the loop tunnel

	Transcribed from slide mount: just above loop.

	Transcribed from slide mount: at loop.

	Transcribed from slide mount: just above Walkers Pronge [sp.]

	Transcribed from slide mount: sinks

	Transcribed from slide mount: Mr & Mrs Earl M. Nelson Detroit Mich.; Mr Ekman and Mr Shane in foreground; at the Sinks

	Transcribed from slide mount: Diving at the Sinks

	Transcribed from slide mount: Sinks

	Transcribed from slide mount: white azealas near the Sinks

	Transcribed from slide mount: Looking north 10-AM; from Spence field

	Transcribed from slide mount: Looking north from Spence field on Thunderhead Mt. abt 5000 ft hi [sp.]

	Transcribed from slide mount: Looking north 10AM from Spence field. for Shaber

	Transcribed from slide mount: Look south on Spence field toward Fontana

	Transcribed from slide mount: walls of pink Mt Laurel.

	Transcribed from slide mount: Dead Chestnut in Cades Cove.; on Pine-Oak Trail

	Transcribed from slide mount: Sour wood

	Transcribed from slide mount: Yellow Birch at Loop

	Transcribed from slide mount: Louisa Walker

	Transcribed from slide mount: Louisa Walker at home. in her 125-yr old home.

	Transcribed from slide mount: Louisa Walker at Spring; Beebe as with us.

	Transcribed from slide mount: Walker Sister Home

	Transcribed from slide mount: Margaret and Louisa Walker at their log cabin home in the Smokies; my first picture of Margaret in 10 yrs.; and only ones 6/26/54

	Transcribed from slide mount: Lane to Walker Sisters up steep hill

	Transcribed from slide mount: Lane at Walker Sisters

	Transcribed from slide mount: Walker Sisters Home

	Transcribed from slide mount: at Walker Sisters.

	Transcribed from slide mount: Margaret Walker, Louisa Walker. The last 2 of the famous 5- sisters; address Great Smokey [sp.] Mts Nat. Park; mail route #7- Sevierville-Tenn.; Mrs Dr Abbott of Elgin Ill.

	Transcribed from slide mount: Louisa Walker at their old Barn; mother Lockman looks on.

	Transcribed from slide mount: Miss Margaret Walker oldest Walker Sister; 85 years old; killing a Rattle snake

	Transcribed from slide mount: Louisa Walker one of the famous Walker sisters

	Transcribed from slide mount: Louisa Walker on [sp.] of the 5-sisters

	Transcribed from slide mount: Walker Sister's Home.

	Transcribed from slide mount: Louisa Walker; to [sp.] light.

	Transcribed from slide mount: The Walker Sisters school house; Norton Zimerly. Urbana, Ill.

	Transcribed from slide mount: Lake Marion; Wears Cove

	Transcribed from slide mount: Wears Valley

	Transcribed from slide mount: Wears Valley. Lake Marion

	Transcribed from slide mount: Mr Hedricks Loge [sp.] home. Wears Cove.; Mr Hauck Crawfordsville Ind.

	Transcribed from slide mount: Wears Valley.

	Transcribed from slide mount: Wears Valley Rd.

	Transcribed from slide mount: Wears Cove

	Transcribed from slide mount: Wears Valley road. At Blount County line at top of mt.; a new road is being built; Seller Home.

	Transcribed from slide mount: Wears Vally [sp.]

	Transcribed from slide mount: Lady Slipper

	Transcribed from slide mount: Pigeon Forge Potery [sp.]

	Transcribed from slide mount: 441 Pigeon Forge

	Transcribed from slide mount: Foot Hills Pkway

	Transcribed from slide mount: Collumbine [sp.]

	Transcribed from slide mount: white trillum[sp.]; Cades Cove Rd.

	Transcribed from slide mount: Dwarf Irisis [sp.] in the Smokies

	Transcribed from slide mount: Devils Bit

	Transcribed from slide mount: Fire Pink.

	Transcribed from slide mount: Service Blossoms

	Transcribed from slide mount: Jack in the Pulpit

	Transcribed from slide mount: Fire Pinks

	Transcribed from slide mount: white fringed phaselia [sp.]

	Transcribed from slide mount: Lady Slipper. Yellow

	Transcribed from slide mount: Hearts a Bustin

	Transcribed from slide mount: white trillum[sp.]

	Transcribed from slide mount: 4-petal trillum [sp.]; rare

	Transcribed from slide mount: Lady Sliper [sp.]

	Transcribed from slide mount: yellow Lady Slipper

	Transcribed from slide mount: Lady Slipper close up photo

	Transcribed from slide mount: cross vine

	Transcribed from slide mount: Hobble Bush. Dog Hobble. In the Smokies

	Transcribed from slide mount: Purple Rhododendron

	Transcribed from slide mount: Pink Laurel at Chimney foot bridge

	Transcribed from slide mount: White Fringed Phaselia [sp.]

	Transcribed from slide mount: Red Trillum [sp.]; Trillum [sp.] erectum

	Transcribed from slide mount: Red Trillum [sp.]

	Transcribed from slide mount: queen anns Lace

	Transcribed from slide mount: White Rhododendron Rich Mt Tower

	Transcribed from slide mount: yellow Trillum [sp.]

	Transcribed from slide mount: Joe Pi Weed [sp.]

	Transcribed from slide mount: Pink Mt Laurel with moth

	Transcribed from slide mount: Lobellea [sp.] & Iron weed

	Transcribed from slide mount: Fire Pink in the Smokies

	Transcribed from slide mount: Red Bud.

	Transcribed from slide mount: Sweet Shrub

	Transcribed from slide mount: True Solomon Seal

	Transcribed from slide mount: Joe Pi weed [sp.]

	Transcribed from slide mount: white Mt Laurel with maroon lines in petals

	Transcribed from slide mount: Indian Pipe; this flower blooms in May, yet we found it as is in Oct.; on way to Rich Mt tower with Beebes and Cranes

	Transcribed from slide mount: white trillum [sp.]. Cades Cove Rd. near tunnel

	Transcribed from slide mount: Devils Bit on Cades Cove Rd. about 1-mile from tunnel. (Rare)

	Publications for students

	Document ID: bcapp00106

	Original ID: Garner 211

	Shows dining room of a house. The table in the foreground has glass vases with flowers on it. In the left background is a small table holding a tea service; there is a chair behind it. There is a wooden door in the center. On the wall are framed pictures, a open decorative fan, and a mounted deer head with a deer skin behind it. There is another ornamental fan leaning on the wall as well as an animal pelt on the floor. Hanging from the ceiling are Chinese lanterns and possibly a gas light fixture.

	Document ID: bcapp00107

	Original ID: Garner 212

	Shows dining room of a house. The table in the foreground has scrolled legs and is covered with a fringed cloth; there are glass vases with flowers in them on top. There is a wooden door behind the table and a sideboard to the right of the door. The sideboard has carvings on the drawers and decorative dishes and serving pieces sitting on top. There is a framed picture above the sideboard. Hanging from the ceiling are Chinese lanterns and a gas light fixture. There is a floor coving and a decorative throw rug.

	Document ID: bcapp00108

	Original ID: Garner 213

	Shows a parlor or sitting room of a house. On the back wall there is a fireplace, surrounded with tiles and a wooden carved surround and mantel, and a door. There are bookshelves on either side of the fireplace and on either side of the window. On the side wall there is a shuttered window with a curtain draped on a rod. In front of the window is a leather chair and to on the left is a rocking chair; both have scrolled legs as does the library table in the middle. The talbe has several objects on it, including books and a vase. there is a sofa with a pillow partially showing on the right. There are framed pictures on the wall as well as other objects. On the floor is a patterned carpet with a decorative throw rug between the table and fireplace.

	Document ID: bcapp00109

	Original ID: Garner 214

	Shows entrance hall with another room visible beyond it. At center is a fireplace with wooden surround and mantel. On top of it is a wooden hutch top with shelves and a mirror; there are various objects on the shelves and mantel. There is a grandfather clock to its left and a wooden rocking chair in front of it. To its left there is an arched opening with a door, lighting fixture and objects on the floor beyond it. On the near left side a stairway is partially visible with a decorative pillar and balusters. On the right wall is a table with decorative legs and another rocking chair. Behind the opening to the right of the fireplace a sideboard with mirror above is partially visible; there is also a chair and a framed portrait on an easel. There is a floral patterned carpet on the floor.

	Document ID: bcapp00113

	Original ID: Garner 187

	Shows a portrait of a man dressed in a high collar shirt with a white bowtie and a suitcoat. He has a mustache.

	Document ID: bcapp00115

	Original ID: Garner 190A

	Shows a full length portrait of a standing African American woman, probably a teenager, wearing a long white dress with a decorative high collar and smocking below the neckline. Her hands are in her pockets; her shoes are partially visible below her dress hem. The floor covering has a floral pattern; there is a canvas screen behind her.

	Document ID: bcapp00125

	Original ID: Garner 163

	Shows two men, one holding the rein of a horse and the other the rein of a mule, standing on a trail at a creek crossing. The horse has on a saddle and blanket; the mule is loaded with supplies. There are shrubs and trees on the side and in the background.

	Document ID: bcapp00134

	Original ID: Garner 12

	Shows a view looking down and towards the distance of a snow covered landscape. There are two tiers of mountains as a backdrop to the snow covered fields. There are many evergreen trees visible as well as a few fences.

	Document ID: bcapp00103

	Original ID: Garner 153 (album 104)

	Shows a group of men, women and children posed on the porch of a large brick building; the view is on an angle from the right side of the building. The porch has wooden columns and railings. There is a wooden fence along the street, which is in the foreground. There is a horse and part of a carriage on the left side.

	Document ID: bcapp00110

	Original ID: Garner 154 (album 104)

	Shows three African American males dressed in suits and vests fooling around. There is a partial face in the background. There are shutters in the background.

	Document ID: bcapp00163

	Original ID: Garner 99

	Shows a small waterfall with two women and two boys sitting at the top on rocks. There is a creek in the foreground and trees in the background.

	Document ID: bcapp00120

	Original ID: Garner 152 (album 103)

	Shows a smiling African American boy standing barefooted on a surface of dirt and smooth stones. He is wearing a tattered shirt, three quarters length pants, and jacket and a cap. He is holding a paper bag in his right hand. There is a fence with trees on either side of it in the background.

	Document ID: bcapp00138

	Original ID: Garner 22A

	Shows a field of corn shocks sitting in a field after harvesting. In the foreground is a split rail fence. In the background are hills or mountains with a river.

	Document ID: bcapp00141

	Original ID: Garner 32

	Shows a buggy with a covering stuck probably in mud; there are two horses pulling the buggy and a small barefoot boy sitting on blankets in the back. In the background there is a slope with trees on it and a river in front of it. Around the wagon are scrub plants and rocks.

	Document ID: bcapp00091

	Original ID: Garner 124

	Shows farm consisting of a cabin, barn, and outbuildings; barn is surrounded by a fence. Horses are grazing in the field. Background shows gap between mountains with trees on the hillside.

	Document ID: bcapp00092

	Original ID: Garner 123 (album 74)

	Shows wooden railroad freight house, with awnings over two windows, and fences. In the foreground is a lily pond; there are houses in the background.

	Document ID: bcapp00093

	Original ID: Garner 125

	Shows three tents set up among trees with five people and a horse.

	Document ID: bcapp00095

	Original ID: Garner 131

	Shows passenger train car with open windows on track in front of covered wooden platform. Fenced area next to platform has plants and trees.

	Document ID: bcapp00101

	Original ID: Garner 155

	Shows group of men, women and children posed on the porch of a large brick building. Porch has wooden columns, railings, and steps. In the foreground are men sitting on benches, a wooden fence, and part of a carriage

	Document ID: bcapp00176

	Original ID: Garner 128

	Shows layers of mountain peaks and ranges. In the foreground are grasses, plants and trees. Above the mountains are clouds.

	Document ID: bcapp00167

	Original ID: Garner 168

	Shows a stone bluff with plants growing on the tops and sides with a river in the foreground. There are two canoes on the river; one has one person rowing and the other has a covering and two people in it.

	Document ID: bcapp00211

	Original ID: Garner 177

	Shows a group of seven men standing in front of three farm buildings. All the men are wearing shirts and pants; five of them have on suspenders. Three of them are holding hats in their hands. On the left side one of the men is holding the rein to a horse of which the head is not visible; they are standing near a pile of hay. Behind them is a stacked log building with stones on the roof. Behind that is a log building with a wooden roof. On the right three men are standing to the left of a large wooden wheel and three men are standing to the right of it. Behind them is a log building with a wooden roof and a covered entryway. Behind that is a hill which has corn growing on it; there is a split rail fence on top of the hill. There are plants in the foreground and trees in the background.

	Document ID: bcapp00206

	Map showing roads, trails, and creeks, and geographic features of southeast Blount County.

	Original ID: Garner

	Document ID: bcapp00119

	Original ID: Garner 199

	Three African American men are standing holding instruments - a tuba, guitar, and fiddle with a bow. They are each wearing a shirt, pants, coat, and a hat. They are standing outside with trees in the background.

	Document ID: bcapp00122

	Original ID: Garner 165

	Shows a wooden bridge over a creek with a woman and two boys standing on it. There are trees in the background and rocks along the creek.

	Document ID: bcapp00128

	Original ID: Garner 2

	Shows hill with trees on it with a split rail fence at the bottom with a creek in the foreground. There are two men standing separately in the middle of the hill. There is a group of people further up the hill to the right. Another man is on horseback in front of the fence on the right side; there is the back end of another horse next to the man's horse. In the background there is a two story house with two windows with shutters; one set of shutters is closed.

	Document ID: bcapp00207

	Original ID: Garner 45

	Shows a young woman standing on the left side with a camera held in both hands aimed at a man sitting on a large rock on the right side. The woman is wearing a blouse, a three-quarter-length skirt, a cap, and shoes with straps; her hair is in pigtails. The man is wearing a sweater, corduroy pants with suspenders, laced boots, and a hat; he has a moustache. The ground is covered with different sized rocks. There is a hillside in the background covered with grass and twigs; the lower part of tree trucks are visible.

	Document ID: bcapp00112

	Original ID: Garner 188A

	Shows an African Americans man and two adult African American women sitting in chairs on a wooden porch; there is also a young African American girl leaning on the woman in the middle. The man is dressed in a shirt and pants with suspenders, and there is a hat resting on one of his knees. The two woman have on dresses and aprons; the one in the middle has a bandana wrapped around her head. The child has on a dress and is barefoot. There is a wooden shingle roof over the wooden building; there is also a window visible. There is a broom resting against the house wall; there are various objects hung on the wall including a cattle bell. There is dirt in the foreground.

	Document ID: bcapp00114

	Original ID: Garner 193A

	Shows a group of 13 African Americans women, all dressed in white, standing on a porch. The dresses are floor length with decorative accents, such as ruffles. This is probably a graduation portrait. The porch has lace curtains. Through the opening of the curtains on the left side is a small table with a bow tied on its base; on top is a lace cloth and a clock. There is a fence and gate in the foreground with plants growing behind it. There are two windows on the second floor of the wooden building; the porch has a wooden shingle roof.

	Document ID: bcapp00123

	Original ID: Garner 157

	Shows from a distance a group of three women, one man, two boys, and a dog, sitting on a cliff with rock formations in front of it. Shrubs and trees are in the foreground.

	Document ID: bcapp00129

	Original ID: Garner 3

	Shows a brick church with Gothic stained glass windows, a steeple, and a slate roof at the corner of two streets. There is a iron fence around the building and small trees in the lawn area. There is an electric pole with electric lines at the street corner; the pole has posters on it. There are dirt sidewalks and streets with stones at the corner. There are wooden boards on the grass area between the sidewalks and the street. In the background some wooden structures, houses and an outbuilding are visible.

	Document ID: bcapp00210

	Original ID: Garner 175

	Shows a group of one man, four women, five young girls, one baby girl, and a boy on a path surrounded by trees. Three of the women are standing and the other is sitting. Two of them are are wearing long dresses and the other two are wearing blouses and long skirts; one has on a hat and another is holding a hat in her hand. One of the women is holding an umbrella and the other two are holding croquet mallets. One of the girls is sitting on a swing hung from a tree. Three of the girls are standing and one is sitting on the ground. The girls all have on dresses; two of them are barefoot. The baby is wearing a dress and standing in front of the man. The man is wearing a shirt and pants and is sitting. The boy is wearing knickers, a shirt with loose sleeves and a bow, and a hat; he is sitting on the limb of a tree above the others. Also visible is a wicker picnic basket, the back of a carriage, grass, and other plants.

	Document ID: bcapp00135

	Original ID: Garner 14

	Shows a deteriorating large wooden building with seven columns, a porch, steps, and a balcony which has balustrades. There is a wood shingle roof with two chimneys, one of which is missing bricks at the top. There are several sets of French doors, some with sidelights and fixed windows across the top. One end of the balcony is sagging and the other is supported with lumber. There is a paint shop sign by the lower right door. In front of the building there is a horse with a wagon that has a retractable covering; there are two people, one sitting and the other standing, by the wagon. Next to this building a three story brick building with a metal roof and a brick chimney is partially visible. Across the street on the left side the corner of a porch with ornamentation is visible. The yard around the porch has a metal decorative fence; there are eight young trees in the yard, some of which are supported with trellises. There are other fences and a gate visible.

	Document ID: bcapp00136

	Original ID: Garner 16

	Shows a group of two men, two women, and two children with a covered wagon loaded with their possessions and drawn by two oxen. One woman, who is wearing a striped blouse with a checked skirt and a hat, is sitting in the wagon with one arm resting on the legs of an upside down chair that has a pail over one leg; she has on glasses. There is a small boy riding on one of the oxen; his hand is being held by a man dressed in a suit with a vest and an open shirt collar. Next to him is a man in a striped shirt, a vest and pants; this man has whiskers and is wearing a bowler hat. The other woman, wearing a floral blouse and a hat, is standing in front of the oxen holding a small child. Behind the group are fields of crops with knobs and a mountain in the background. In front is a split rail fence with several strings of barbed wire on the top and a gate. In front of the group, the back of a carriage with a covering is visible; a woman wearing a hat is sitting inside.

	Document ID: bcapp00173

	Original ID: Garner 34A

	Shows cultivated fields interspersed with trees. The two fields in the foreground are separated by a split rail fence; there are two men barely visible on the right side. Further back there are trees with farmlands beyond that; two farm buildings are visible. In the background there is a forest of trees on a hillside.

	Document ID: bcapp00124

	Original ID: Garner 158

	Shows three women, three boys, and a dog standing and sitting on a rock formation. There are shrubs on the right side and in the middle.

	Document ID: bcapp00131

	Original ID: Garner 9

	Shows an abandoned large brick structure of three stories in the center with two stories on either side. There are four chimneys and many paned windows with shutters, some of which are broken, open, or shuttered. There are three doors: one of which has small windows above it and sidelights. There is a grass area with logs and planks on it in the front of the building and a dirt sidewalk in front of it. To the left there is a large tree with a fence behind it and a wooden outbuilding with a wood shake roof. To the right are large trees near a fence and another wooden outbuilding, possibly an outhouse.

	Document ID: bcapp00143

	Original ID: Garner 34

	Shows a building with a wood shingle roof and porch. In front of the structure there is a fence with a gate. A bearded man is standing with his hand on the fence; he is dressed in a shirt, pants with suspenders and a hat. There are plants in the foreground as well as a large tree. There is a small tree next to the building behind the fence. In the background is a hill covered with trees. Inside the building there are two additional people.

	Document ID: bcapp00144

	Original ID: Garner 35

	Shows a log cabin with a wood shingle roof and a stacked stone chimney. Behind the cabin are plants and trees. There are rocks in the foreground. In front of the cabin are three groups of people.

	Shows in the left group a man, a woman, a girl, a small boy, and a baby. The man is wearing a shirt, trousers with one suspender and a button fly and a tear in the middle of the left leg; his hands are on his hips. The woman is wearing a dress and is barefoot; she is holding the baby dressed in a gown. The girl is wearing a dress and is barefoot; she is standing with her arms crossed. The boy is wearing a shirt and pants with suspenders; he is holding a whistle in one hand.

	Shows in the middle group standing in front of the door to the cabin a woman, an older boy, a younger boy, and a small girl. The woman is wearing a plaid dress and has her arm around the younger boy, who is barefoot and wearing a shirt and pants with suspenders. The barefoot girl is standing to the left of the boy and wearing a dress with a shirt under it. In the doorway is standing a boy, possibly a teenager. He is wearing a shirt, pants with suspenders, and a hat; he has a cloth on one shoulder.

	Shows in the right group a man, woman, two boys and a girl. The man is wearing a shirt, a vest, and a hat and has one arm folded across his body. The woman is wearing a print dress, a belt, and a straw hat with flowers on it; her arm is on the shoulder of the man. The children are partially hidden behind flower plants. One boy has a whistle in his mouth and is wearing a shirt; the other boy is wearing a shirt and hat. The girl is wearing a dress with a ruffle and a hat.

	Document ID: bcapp00201

	Original ID: Garner 18

	Shows a wood frame house with two gables, a dormer, a chimney, and a front porch. The gables are stained glass. There are trees next to the porch, in the right foreground, and behind the house. The house and an open shed have wood shingle roofs. There are logs in the open shed.

	Document ID: bcapp00202

	Original ID: Garner 37

	Shows a man leaning against a large log next to a creek with a small waterfall behind him. The man is wearing a long sleeve pullover with the letter H on it, pants, and high boots. His left sleeve is pushed up and he is washing his lower left arm with a cloth that is in his right hand; he holds another cloth in his left hand. The stream is very shallow and rocks are visible beneath the water. There are rocks on the bank of the stream.

	Document ID: bcapp00203

	Original ID: Garner 36

	Shows a wooden frame two-story house with a picket fence around it on the upper bank of a creek. In the creek there is a boat or canoe in which a man is standing with an oar in his hands. There is a rock in the creek and rocks on the dirt bank. There is a large branch of a tree in the left foreground and hill covered with trees behind the house.

	Document ID: bcapp00171

	Original ID: Garner 24

	Shows a agricultural field of wheat that has been harvested with the wheat tied in shocks. In the foreground there is a split rail fence. Beyond the field there is a river and tree covered hills.

	Document ID: bcapp00137

	Original ID: Garner 21A

	Shows several cattle standing in the foreground, some of them are grazing. Behind them is a dirt path on which are standing four boys wearing hats and an older girl wearing a plaid dress and holding an umbrella; one of the boys is an African American. Behind the path are several different types of wooden fences and beyond that are a L-shaped wooden barn with a wood shingle roof and a wooden outbuilding.

	Document ID: bcapp00142

	Original ID: Garner 33

	Shows a horse with three small boys and two girls sitting on a blanket on it. A woman dressed in a striped blouse with a scarf around her neck, a long skirt, and a brimmed hat stands in front of the horse. The woman is wearing pants under her skirt. Behind the horse are two men dressed in shirts and pants and wearing hats; one man has on a coat and the other is holding a rifle on his shoulder. The ground has grass and an outcropping of rocks.

	Document ID: bcapp00208

	Original ID: Garner 41

	Shows a log cabin surrounded by small trees and rocks on the ground. In front of the cabin there are two rocks with a pole between them, probably the site of the spring. The door of the cabin is open.

	Document ID: bcapp00209

	Original ID: Garner 174

	Shows four women and two dogs in a backyard. Three of the women are sitting on benches and the fourth is in a hammock; one of the dogs is lying on the lawn and the other is lying on a bench. On the left side there is a two-story porch with two cedar trees in front of it. Within the lawn there are three paths; the yard is surrounded by an open fence with vines growing on it. There are two large trees on the right side holding the hammock as well as trees in the background. Also on on the right there are two mounds of plants.

	Document ID: bcapp00139

	Original ID: Garner 23

	Shows a cabin made of log timbers with a wood shingle roof and a porch with a roof that has plants or vines growing out of the wood shingles. In the background is a slope with trees growing on it. There are also trees on the right side. In front of the cabin there are plants growing as well as on the hillside.

	Document ID: bcapp00083

	Original ID: Garner 106

	Shows a creek with a small waterfall and rocks. There are trees and shrubs on either side of the creek.

	Document ID: bcapp00084

	Original ID: Garner 108

	Twelve men in band uniforms with instruments - trombones, bugles, tubas, and drums - are sitting in front of a large American flag.

	Document ID: bcapp00085

	Original ID: Garner 110

	Shows small waterfall surrounded by woods, trees, and shrubs. The trees are without leaves. A man in a hat holding a rifle and a child are standing in front of the falls.

	Document ID: bcapp00086

	Original ID: Garner 116

	Document ID: bcapp00088

	Original ID: Garner 117

	Shows mountains in background with river below. Foreground shows evergreen trees.

	Birthday party picnic on the porch of the Burger or Garner house. Shows three women, two men and three children. Food, including corn on the cob piled on a plate, watermelon, boiled eggs, bread, lemonade, and a birthday cake with candles, is arranged on a rug laid on the porch floor. The people are seated on chairs, cushions, and a hammock. The porch has ornate columns and a railing.

	Document ID: bcapp00082

	Original ID: Garner 102

	Document ID: bcapp00089

	Original ID: Garner 120

	Shows water falling over rock formation into the creek in the foreground. Trees surround the waterfall.

	Document ID: bcapp00090

	Original ID: Garner 121

	Shows gap between mountains with cabin, barn, and outbuildings in the foreground; barn is surrounded by a fence. Trees are on the hillsides. View is from the North Carolina side of the gap.

	Document ID: bcapp00121

	Original ID: Garner 215

	Shows a group of five men and one women standing in front of a wooden teller's cage; there is a man behind the teller's bars. All the men have on suits and ties except one who is dressed in a shirt, pants, jacket, and high lace top boots; the woman has on a patterned dress. There is another teller's cage on the right. On the left there is a writing stand above which are two wall sconces, a number 19 and a calendar for February, 1903. On the ceiling are two lighting fixtures with four lights in each. There are windows visible; the floor is mosaic tile.

	Document ID: bcapp00145

	Original ID: Garner 35A

	Shows a closeup of a group portrait of a family in front of a log building. The man is wearing a shirt, trousers with one suspender, a button fly, and a tear in the middle of the left leg; his hands are on his hips. The woman is wearing a dress and is barefoot; she is holding a baby in her arms. The girl is wearing a dress and is barefoot; she is standing with her arms crossed. The young boy is wearing a shirt and pants with suspenders; he is holding a whistle in one hand.

	Document ID: bcapp00175

	Original ID: Garner 101

	Shows a group of three men, eight women, and three boys sitting and standing in a living room. The women all have on long dresses and hats; the woman on the right is dressed in white and has an arm patch with a cross on it, denoting the American Red Cross. The men and boys are in suits and ties. There is a large patterned carpet on the floor as well as a smaller one beneath the boys who are sitting on the floor. There is a gas light fixture hanging from the ceiling. there is wall paper on the walls. The nurse is standing on the hearth of the fireplace which has decorative tiles around it and a wooden mantel with a mirror above it. The mantel has pitchers, framed pictures and other objects on it; there is a framed painting above it. There are screen prints on either side of window which has a decorative wood surround and above it architectural details and carving. There are other framed paintings on the left wall.

	Document ID: bcapp00146

	Original ID: Garner 35B

	Shows a closeup of a group portrait of a family in the doorway of a log building. The woman is wearing a plaid dress and has her arm around the younger boy, who is barefoot and wearing a shirt and pants with suspenders. A young girl is standing to the left of the boy and wearing a dress with a shirt under it. Standing in the doorway is an older boy, possibly a teenager; he is wearing a shirt, pants with suspenders, and a hat; there is a cloth on one shoulder.

	Document ID: bcapp00152

	Original ID: Garner 56

	Shows a cabin made of logs with a wood shake roof and a stacked stone fireplace chimney with smoke coming out of it. There are two men, a boy, and two dogs standing outside the cabin. The men and boy are dressed in shirts, pants with suspenders, and hats; both men are holding rifles. One man has his foot on the seat of a wooden chair on which one of the dogs is standing; there is also another wooden chair. Both chairs are more like stools with backs. There is a small corral surrounded by a split rail fence. In the background there are trees. To the right are some tree stumps and there are some rock outcroppings in the foreground.

	Document ID: bcapp00165

	Original ID: Garner 79

	Shows a campsite under large trees. There is a tent with a flag mounted on a pole in front of it. There is a woman in a long dress and hat standing by a smoking campfire. Another woman in a long dress is sitting on a cloth covered box next to a short table which has a picnic basket on it; there are two more baskets on the ground beside it. A third woman, wearing a long dress and hat, is pushing a small girl on a swing. There are three boys in the foreground, all wearing knickers, coats, wide collars with bows, and caps. One of the boy is holding a sledgehammer upright; there is a wooden stake in front of him. Behind the boys there is a carriage with cloth covered top and sides; one side is rolled up. There are two horses tied to trees beyond the carriage. There are two hammocks hanging between trees. There are two chairs covered with bedspreads or coverlets; one is on the ground in front of a tree and the other is on the ground near the front guide rope of the tent.

	Document ID: bcapp00147

	Original ID: Garner 35C

	Shows a closeup of a group portrait of a family in front of the corner of a log building. The man is wearing a shirt, a vest, and a hat and has one arm folded across his body. The woman is wearing a print dress, a belt with a buckle, and a straw hat with flowers on it; her left arm is on the shoulder of the man. Three children are partially hidden behind flower plants. One young boy has a whistle in his mouth and is wearing a shirt; the other young boy is wearing a shirt and hat. The young girl is wearing a dress with a ruffle at her neck and a hat.

	Document ID: bcapp00148

	Original ID: Garner 48

	Shows the back of a wooden building with a wood shingle roof and a stone fireplace; a corner of the front porch is visible. In the left foreground is a covered open carriage drawn by two horses. There are blankets or quilts in the back of the carriage and a person, possibly a boy, in the driver's seat. There is a young boy standing on the ground behind the carrage. There are trees, including one that is dead.

	Document ID: bcapp00181

	Original ID: Garner 1

	Shows the side and front of a two story bick building with a steeple tower that has a weather vane on top. There are three chimneys visible. There are decorative elements along the roofline, on the steeple, and on top of the windows and doorway. There are eight arched windows on the second floor and six windows on the first floor, three of which are open. There is a gutter on the side. In front of the doorway there are three-sided steps on which there are three men, one of whom is African American, dressed in suits and hats sitting on chairs. There is a sidewalk along the side of the building. The building is on a slight slope and there are smaller windows on the lower story. On the right side there is a smaller two story bick building which has two chimneys and bars on the first story windo. There is a man sitting next to that building. In the lower left there is partially visible a building with a shed roof covering the lower floor; there is a reaping machine next to it and a utility pole with wires on the corner. Behind that on the left side there are houses and trees visible.

	Document ID: bcapp00149

	Original ID: Garner 49

	Shows a wooden building, not very substantial, with an open door and barrels visible inside. There are trees in the foreground and background.

	Document ID: bcapp00150

	Original ID: Garner 50

	Shows five wooden barrels sitting on wooden planks; there is also a small wooden bucket.

	Document ID: bcapp00151

	Original ID: Garner filed between 56 and 57

	Shows a group men turning a threshing wheel by hand. There is a log shed and another log building with a wood shingle roof. There is a split rail fence in the middle and a hillside with plants in the background. Most of the men are wearing shirts and pants with suspenders; at least one has on bib overalls; a couple have on hats.

	Document ID: bcapp00153

	Original ID: Garner 61

	Shows a view looking towards four buildings of a college with mountains in the background. In the foreground are trees and a few wooden buildings.

	Document ID: bcapp00205

	Original ID: Garner 140

	Shows a view looking down at a river running between mountains. There are layers of mountain peaks and ranges beyond it. In the foreground are plants and trees.

	Document ID: bcapp00155

	Original ID: Garner 67

	Shows a group of four men, four women, and two boys near an open fire in a wooded area. There are pots and pans hanging near the fire. The women are wearing dresses and hats; the men are wearing coats, pants and hats as are the boys. There is a rifle leaning against a dead branch. In the foreground one of the men is sitting on a wooden crate with the letters c r a c k e r s on it and facing a short legged table with a tablecloth on it as well as leaves and food; he has a napkin tucked into his coat. There is a picnic basket on the ground near the table. In the background two horses are tied to trees.

	Document ID: bcapp00156

	Original ID: Garner 76

	Shows a woman and two boys sitting on a log, a boy standing on the log holding the rein of a light colored horse, a man standing near the rear of a dark colored horse, and a boy standing in front of the dark colored horse. Both horses have on feedbags. There are stakes in the ground and rocks in the foreground; there are large trees in the background. Behind the group is a carriage with a person in it and behind that is a tent with the flaps open; there is an American flag on a pole in front of it. There is a short legged table visible behind and between the horses. The woman is wearing a dress. The boys are wearing suits; three also have on caps. The man is wearing pants, a shirt, a vest and a cap.

	Document ID: bcapp00157

	Original ID: Garner 71

	Shows a snow covered scene of a large wood frame house with decorative elements in the gables and porch with a widows walk on top. There is a curved porch and three sets of steps that lead up it. There is a wooden fence in the foreground. There are trees.

	Document ID: bcapp00169

	Original ID: Garner 10

	Shows a wooden building, probably a church, with a wooden steeple, vertical siding, and a chimney. There are wood board fences with a gate. There is a partially visible one story house with a porch, a wood shake roof, and two chimneys on the left side. In the foreground there is a dirt street.

	Document ID: bcapp00170

	Original ID: Garner 20

	Shows a two story brick house with an extention to the rear. The windows have shutters, some of which are closed. The rear extension has two chimneys. There is a wood frame outbuilding. There are vines to the top of the side chimney and on the left corner of the house. There is a large tree in the right foreground as well as other trees in the background. There are shrubs and grass. There is a small boy barely visible sitting on stone steps at the front of the house.

	Document ID: bcapp00126

	Original ID: Garner 167

	Shows group of 18 men, women, and children and five dogs sitting and standing inside the entrance to a cave or cavern.

	Document ID: bcapp00174

	Original ID: Garner 171

	Shows a group of approximately 150 students and teachers sitting and standing in front of a two story brick building. The students range in age from approximately 5 to 18 years of age. The building has a two story porch with columns and railings, windows with shutters, and chimneys. There is a large tree to the right and several trees on the left side.There is grass in the foreground. Some of the children and teachers appear to be wearing corsages.

	Document ID: bcapp00177

	Original ID: Garner 198A

	Shows an African American boy, probably between 10 and 14 years old, standing on grass with trees in the background. He is wearing a buttoned double breasted coat with a shirt and tie beneath it, knickers, knee high socks, laced shoes, and a hat. His left arm is at his side and the right is behind his back. He has a flower or decoration on his lapel.

	Document ID: bcapp00178

	Original ID: Garner 207

	Shows a young girl, probably in her early teens, holding a short haired cat. She is standing next to a column, probably of a porch; in the background there is a fence and small trees. She is dressed in a blouse with a high collar and ties and a skirt; her hair is pulled back.

	Document ID: bcapp00132

	Original ID: Garner 11

	Shows a view looking down and towards the distance of a snow covered landscape. There are mountains as a backdrop with many houses, yards, pastures which are surrounded by rail fences, and trees, primarily evergreen. On the left side in the distance are college buildings. The photograph was taken from near the present day intersection of Broadway and Lamar Alexander in Maryville, Tennessee.

	Document ID: bcapp00212

	Original ID: Garner 176

	Shows a group of three men, four women, and three boys, two of whom are younger, sitting on a hill. The men are wearing shirts and pants; two of them also have on vests. One of them is wearing a hat and the other two are wearing caps. One of the men has a rifle laying on his leg. The women are wearing blouses and long skirts; two of them have on caps. The older boy is wearing a loose shirt with a bow tie; one of the younger boys is barefoot. In the center there is the trunk of tree. The man on the left is holding a metal cup above a pail. The hillside is coverd with plants and rocks.

	Document ID: bcapp00213

	Original ID: Garner 156 (album 95)

	Shows a two story wood frame house with a porch on the front and left side. The porch has two different decorative railings, one on the front and the other on the side, and decoration at the top of the posts. There is a path on the right side that leads to the porch steps. There is a bench, three rocking chairs and a wicker chair on the porch. The front of the house has a window in the front peak, two windows with shutters on the second floor, and two windows with shutters on the first floor; there are lace curtains visible in the left first floor window. The front door is between the two windows and has a screen door. There are windows on the side that are barely visible through a smaller tree as high as the house. The base of the house is brick. To the left of the house there is an outbuilding with a door facing the front. There is a lawn surrounding the house and a board fence behind the house. In front of the house there is a large tree more than twice the height of the house as well as trees larger than the house on the sides.

	Document ID: bcapp00215

	Original ID: Garner178

	Shows an abandoned wooden frame two-story house with a picket fence around it on the upper bank of a creek. Between the house and the fence there is a canvas covering and to the right of the house there is a tent. There are people standing in three of the open doors on the second story and three women and a girl are sitting in the fence opening. Standing at the edge of the creek there are two boys and standing in the water there is a dog. There are bushes at the edge of the water, a large tree in front of the tent, and other plants and trees in the background.

	Document ID: bcapp00216

	Original ID: Garner 179

	Shows a seated man and a standing woman. The man has on a suit, vest, and bow tie; his right arm is resting on a table and his left arm is in his lap. The woman is wearing a very formal dress with a pleated ruffle on the hem, lace up the front and around the neck, and a train; she is also wearing half gloves. Her hair is in an up-do and has a flower in it. On the right in the background there is a carved wood pillar.

	Document ID: bcapp00217

	Original ID: Garner 180 (album 105)

	Shows a young man wearing in a suit, vest, and small bow tie.

	Document ID: bcapp00218

	Original ID: Garner 182

	Shows a man wearing a suit, vest, and a four-in-hand tie. He has a moustache.

	Document ID: bcapp00140

	Original ID: Garner 27

	Shows a view of two mountain tops and a gap and a sky filled with many clouds. There are two large fir trees in the foreground as well as smaller plants and trees. There are also trees on the slopes of the mountains.

	Document ID: bcapp00219

	Original ID: Garner 181 (album 105)

	Shows a seated young woman wearing a dress with pleated ruffles on the sleeves and along the neckline; there is lace around the collar. A corsage with lace behind it is pinned to the front of the dress. She has a flower in her hair. Two long curls cascade over her left shoulder. Her arms are resting on a cloth and the back of a chair is visible behind her.

	Document ID: bcapp00220

	Original ID: Garner 183

	Shows a two story brick building with a lower story in the back because of a slope; the view is of the back of the building. There is a steeple with a lightening rod on top of it. The middle section of the building is extended out one window in width; There are two chimneys in the center section; there is one chimney on the left and two chimneys on the right. There is dentil molding along the roof line. All three sections are each four window wide; there is one window on each floor on the side of the building. Both the lower floor left and right section have a covered porch. There is a rail fence surrounding the yard; across the street there is a picket fence. There is a wood frame building on the left which also has a steeple and four chimneys; the fence in front of it is decorative. In the foreground there are fir trees covered with snow. There are also snow covered trees in the center. The grass and other plants are covered with snow.

	Document ID: bcapp00158

	Original ID: Garner 72

	Shows a small wooden barge carrying men and a horse across a river. On the tree covered shore is a two story wooden frame building.

	Document ID: bcapp00130

	Original ID: Garner 5

	Shows a long range view of resort buildings among the trees. The view is looking down on the resort. There are larger trees without leaves in the foreground. In the middle are knobs or hills and beyond that is sky.

	Document ID: bcapp00164

	Original ID: Garner 77

	Shows the interior of a log cabin with a stacked stone fireplace. There is an open doorway to the left of the fireplace with the ropes of a hammock visible outside. In the foreground there is a low bed; on the bed there is a bedpread with sunflowers on it. A part of the inside of the roof is visible. The floor is wooden planks. There are pails and cooking utensils around the room, including one hanging over logs in the fireplace.

	Document ID: bcapp00222

	Original ID: Garner 189

	Shows a full lenth portrait of a African American woman, probably a teenager, standing on grass. She is wearing a long white dress with a decorative high collar and smocking below the neckline. Her left hand is in her pocket; she is wearing a wide brim hat. There are trees and shrubs in the background.

	Document ID: bcapp00223

	Original ID: Garner 192

	Shows two young African American women sitting on a rail between two small trees. The woman on the left is wearing a striped blouse, a long scarf with a pin on it around her neck, and a long skirt. Her right arm is behind her back, and she has a ring on her left hand and the hand is resting on a branch. The women on the right is wearing a blouse with a decorative stripe in it, a long scarf with a pin on it around her neck, and a long skirt. Her head is resting against a small trunk and her left arm is raised and holding on to the same trunk. There are leaves and branches in the background.

	Document ID: bcapp00224

	Original ID: Garner 195

	Shows a woman holding a baby sitting in a wooden chair with a decorative back and arms. The woman is wearing a blouse and a skirt and has on glasses. The baby is wrapped in a blanket and resting on her left arm. Her right arm is bent and touching her forehead. Her eyes are looking upwards over her glasses. Her hair is parted in the middle. Behind her and partially visible is a metal bed on wheels. On the floor there is a rug over a carpet; on the rug there is a straw hat.

	Document ID: bcapp00159

	Original ID: Garner 84

	Shows the side of a wood frame house that has two open windows with shutters. There is a two story section that is hidden behind tree branches. There is a clothes line propped up with a pole with two shirts hanging on the line. In the middle is smaller tree and a shrub. On the right side are two large trees. In front there is a cut stone wall with a gate that is partially visible. In the foreground is grass. Behind the wall there is a large rock or monument

	Document ID: bcapp00160

	Original ID: Garner 80

	Shows three fully clothed boys diving off a wooden barge into a river. The barge is anchored at the grass covered shoreline in the foreground. On the ferry barge are three men and two horses. One of the men is seated on one of the horses; another is standing watching the boys with a pole over his shoulder. The men are all wearing hats. On the barge there are long handled oars and also some burlap bags. On the opposite shore is a two story wood frame building and the mouth of another river. There are trees on the left side and on the far shoreline.

	Document ID: bcapp00116

	Original ID: Garner 194A

	Shows a standing African American girl dressed in a long dress with hearts on it. She has on a hat which has a heart with an arrow through it and a butterfly on the front; she is holding a basket in one hand.

	Document ID: bcapp00161

	Original ID: Garner 85

	Shows the side of a large two story wood frame building with a lower floor made of brick. The building is on a slope so that all three floors are visible on the side and back; the back side also has three dormers and downspouts. There are two chimneys visible as well as a small tower on the roof. There are seven windows visible on the side. On the back there are windows and doors partially visible. There are probably lightening rods on the roof, dormers, and tower. There are also trees and a fence visible with grass surrounding the building. The paint on the building is deteriorating.

	Document ID: bcapp00111

	Original ID: Garner 186

	Shows portrait of an African American female. She is wearing a high collar blouse or dress under a plaid coat; she has on a hat with a horseshoe-shaped pin.

	Document ID: bcapp00162

	Original ID: Garner 92

	Shows a rock escarpment with four women, one man, and four children, probably all boys, sitting on it. There is a waterfall visible behind them. In the foreground there is a creek; in the background there are trees and other plants.

	Document ID: bcapp00166

	Original ID: Garner 79A

	Shows a campsite set among large tree trunks. There is a tent with the front flaps open; there is bedding visible inside. There are two women, both in long dresses. One is also wearing a hat and standing next to a fire pit made of stones; there is a pot, pan, and coffeepot near the fire pit. The other woman is sitting on a cloth covered box next to a short cloth covered table; on the table are glass jars, a cup, and a picnic basket. There are two more picnic baskets on the ground. There is a stool with a pillow on it in front of the table. There are two chairs covered with bedspreads or coverlets. One is on the ground in front of a tree trunk; there is a lantern hanging above it. The other is on the right side in an open area. There is a hammock hanging from a tree in the left background.

	Document ID: bcapp00179

	Original ID: Garner 221

	Show a group of children wearing bathing suits on a platform in a river. On the left end of the platform there is an older girl sitting with her feet in the water. Next to her there are three girls standing, an older boy with an oar in his hands, and two other boys standing. On the right end there is a boy and another child sitting with their feet in the water. There is another child standing in the water holding a dog. There are mountains in the background.

	Document ID: bcapp00180

	Original ID: Garner 225

	Shows a rock filled stream flowing through hills covered with trees.

	Document ID: bcapp00133

	Original ID: Garner 11A

	Shows a view looking down and towards the distance of a snow covered landscape. There are mountains as a backdrop with many houses, yards, pastures surrounded by rail fences, and trees, primarily evergreen. On the right side in the distance are college buildings; on the left there is a church steeple visible. The photograph was taken from near the present day intersection of Broadway and Lamar Alexander in Maryville, Tennessee.

	Visible in the downtown area in the upper left is the Courthouse, A.M.E. Zion Church, New Providence Presbyterian Church, Columbian Hall and the Friends church.

	Document ID: bcapp00172

	Original ID: Garner 169

	Shows a field of corn growing on a hillside leading down to a river. At the top of the field there is a split rail fence visible from its top. To its right there is a dirt road and further to the right there are trees. Across the river its other bank is visible and there are hills beyond that.

	Document ID: bcapp00168

	Original ID: Garner 6

	Shows a large abandoned brick building with steps on either side leading up to the main door in the middle of the front. On the sidewalk level there are doors on the left and right of the steps. On the side six windows are visible, four of them with shutters. On the right side there is a wooden fence.

	Document ID: bcapp00204

	Original ID: Garner 112

	Shows a long range view of a river surrounded by tree-covered mountains. In the foreground individual trees are distinctive.

	Document ID: bcapp00117

	Original ID: Garner 197A

	Shows a African American woman holding a baby sitting in a wicker rocking chair. The woman has on a dress and the baby has on a long gown. Possibly this is a christening portrait. The floor covering has a floral pattern.

	Document ID: bcapp00154

	Original ID: Garner 65

	Shows an outdoor structure with four log columns, wooden beams, a ceiling, and a dirt floor covered with leaves. Inside in the background there is a tent with the flaps open; at the opening there is a United States flag and a folding chair with blankets on the ground and a lantern hanging from a cut tree branch. There may be a light bulb hanging from the ceiling. There are animal pelts hanging from three of the columns, one of which is probably from a spotted deer. There is a tree, probably cut, in the backgound with at least three opossums, probably stuffed, on the branches. There are kettles and pans and eating utensils, including cups. There is a metal hood with a metal chimney vent over the cooking area, which has logs on the ground with a wooden pole across the top resting on a pole with a Y-notch. There is an axe at the base of one of the columns and a pouch hanging from another.

	Document ID: bcapp00094

	Original ID: Garner 172

	Document ID: bcapp00096

	Original ID: Garner 136

	Shows knobs, a hilly landform, with river in foreground. There are trees on the knobs and on an island in the river.

	Document ID: bcapp00097

	Original ID: Garner 137

	Shows river with trees along the banks and hills in the background. There is a canoe in the left foreground between the trees.

	Document ID: bcapp00098

	Original ID: Garner 144

	Shows log building with wooden plank roof and limbs and ferns in the foreground. In the background is a hill with trees.

	Document ID: bcapp00099

	Original ID: Garner 159

	Shows two men on a sailboat and one in a canoe sailing a a river with mountains in the background and rocks in the foreground.

	Document ID: bcapp00100

	Original ID: Garner 161

	Shows wood frame summer house. The house has a peak with two windows, two dormers or air vents, and a porch with an awning. A group of men and women are sitting and standing in front of the porch. There is a stacked rock wall in front of the house with a gate and steps; there are trees in the background.

	Document ID: bcapp00102

	Original ID: Garner 184

	Shows a group of six African American students standing in front of a decorated cloth screen. The four females are dressed in white dresses and are carrying baskets of flowers, The two males are dressed in suits and hold diplomas. There is an upright piano on the right side with a basket of flowers on top and a bench. On the left side is a small round table with a vase with a flower on top and a chair with arms. In the foreground are more baskets of flowers. Behind the screen there is a partially visible United States flag. There is a large drape across the top and drapes on either side of the screen.

	Document ID: bcapp00104

	Original ID: Garner 185

	Shows African American man dressed in a suit. His shirt has a high collar and a small bow tie.

	Document ID: bcapp00105

	Original ID: Garner 210

	Shows interior view of entrance hall of a house. There is a stairway with wooden, decorative railings and balusters. On the side of the stairway is a small table with a glass vase and basket sitting on a cloth; there are wooden chairs on either side of the table: the one on the right has arms and the other is child sized. There is a wooden door with decorative molding towards the left with part of a decorative wooden bench to its left. There is another door to a closet under the stairway. On the floor is a carpet or rug with decorative throw rugs laid on it. There are pictures hanging on the wall

	Document ID: bcapp00127

	Original ID: Garner 166B

	Shows group of 18 men, women, and children and four dogs sitting and standing on rock formations with the sky in the background on the right side.

	Address: 1533 Springbrook Rd. Alcoa, TN

	Ownership: Private; Current Use: Residence

	Address: 314 W. Broadway, Maryville, TN

	Ownership: Private; Current Use: Since 1947, St. Andrew's Episcopal Church

	This structure appears on the National Historical Registry.

	Address: 300 E. Church St., Maryville, TN

	Ownership: Private; Current Use: Red Cross

	Address: 317 W. Broadway Ave., Maryville, TN

	Address: Corner Ellis Ave. & College St., Maryville, TN

	Ownership: Private; Current Use: Offices

	Address: 502 E. Lamar Alexander Parkway, Maryville, TN

	Ownership: Private; Current Use: Center for Campus Ministry

	Ownership: Private; Current Use: Student residence hall and campus cafeteria

	Ownership: Private; Current Use: Office and social space

	Ownership: Private; Current Use: Restored and renovated in 2001 as a student services building

	Ownership: Private; Current Use: Sport Facility

	Ownership: Private; Current Use: Student residence hall

	Ownership: Private; Current Use: Classrooms and offices

	Address: 114 E. Broadway, Maryville, TN

	Ownership: Private; Current Use: Commercial

	Address: 201 E. Broadway, Maryville, TN

	Address: Broadway Ave., downtown Maryville, TN

	Ownership: Private; Current Use: Classic movies and live music are presented in the building which is restored to its 1934 look as the Palace Theater.

	Address: Happy Valley Rd., Tallassee, TN

	Ownership: County;

	Address: Old White's Mill Rd. Maryville, TN

	Ownership: Private; Current Use: Abandoned

	Address: Jct. Clover Hill Mill Rd. and Clover Hill Rd. Maryville, TN

	Ownership: Private; Current Use: Mill

	Address: 4702 Big Springs Rd, Greenback

	Address: College St., Friendsville, TN

	Address: Front St. and Big Springs Rd.,, Friendsville, TN

	Address: Marmor Rd., 0.5 mi. S of Miser Station Rd., Friendsville, TN

	Ownership: Private; Current Use: Not in operation

	Address: Prater Rd. off Old Lowes Ferry Rd., at Poland Creek, Louisville, TN

	Ownership: Private; Current Use: Unoccupied

	Address: Big Gully Rd., 0.3 mi. N. of Kyker Rd., Maryville, TN

	Address: Thompson Bridge Rd. at Lanier Rd., Maryville, TN

	Ownership: County; Current Use: Same

	Address: 1305 Big Springs Rd., Maryville, TN

	Address: 305 Henry Lane, Greenback, TN

	Address: Walker Rd., Maryville, TN

	Ownership: Private; Current Use: Barn

	Address: Schoolhouse Gap Rd, Dry Valley, Townsend, TN

	Ownership: Private; Current Use: same

	Address: Old Cades Cove Rd., 0.1 mi. S of Dry Valley Rd., Townsend, TN

	Address: Hwy 321, Walland, later relocated to Hwy 321, Townsend

	Ownership: Private; Current Use: Since 1982, Little River Railroad and Lumber Company Museum

	Address: 545 Martin Valley Rd., Walland TN

	Address: East Millers Cove Rd, Walland, TN

	Address: Old Walland Hwy, Walland, TN

	Address: Old Walland Hwy.,Walland, TN

	Address: Sevierville Rd.(Hwy 411) at Burnett Sta. Rd. Seymour, TN

	Ownership: Private; Current Use: Church

	Address: Wears Valley Rd, 0.l mi. W. of Bonner Hollow Rd., Townsend, TN

	Address: 7713 River Rd., Townsend

	Address: 7719 River Rd., Townsend, TN

	Ownership: Private; Current Use: St. Francis Catholic Church

	Address: Mill Loop Rd., 0.3 mi. S of W. Millers Cove Rd., Walland, TN

	Address: Across Little River between Hwy 321 and Old Walland Hwy at Kinzel Springs, Walla

	Ownership: Blount County; Current Use: Footbridge

	Address: Martin Mill Pike, Rockford, TN

	Address: 4350 Nails Creek Rd., Rockford, TN

	Ownership: Private;

	Address: l mi. N of Rockford, off Hwy 33, on Little River Rd.,Rockford, TN

	Ownership: Southern Railroad; Current Use: Same

	Address: Bethlehem Rd., 0.5 mi. S of Ellejoy Rd., Maryville, TN

	Ownership: Private; Current Use: Opened by Bethlehem Cemetery Association, on request, for weddings, homecomings, etc.

	Address: Old Walland Hwy, 0.1 mi. N of Cold Springs Rd. Walland TN

	Ownership: Private; Current Use: None

	Address: 3650 Old Sam Houston School Rd.

	Ownership: State; Current Use: State historic site, including the schoolhouse, a museum and gift shop, a pavilion

	Address: Miser Station Rd.,0..2 mi. S. of Middle settlements Rd., Louisville, TN

	Address: Lowes Ferry Rd., l mi. N of Louisville,TN

	Address: off Main St., Louisville, TN

	Address: Cox Rd., Louisville, TN

	Address: Rockford, TN

	Address: Singleton Station Rd., Rockford, TN

	Address: Old Knoxville Hwy, 4 mi. N of Rockford Rockford, TN

	Ownership: Private; Current Use: Engine repair shop

	Address: 4226 Old Knoxville Hwy, Rockford, TN

	Address: Hall Rd. and Stephenson St., Alcoa, TN

	Address: 1431 Ramsay St., Alcoa, TN

	Address: 1415 Dalton St., Alcoa, TN

	Address: Cades Cove, Great Smoky Mountains National Park, TN

	Ownership: Federal; Current Use: Museum

	Ownership: Federal; Current Use: Museum, with occasional use as a church

	Ownership: Federal; Current Use: Operating mill for display

	Address: 856 Poplar St., Alcoa, TN

	Address: Vose Rd., Alcoa, TN

	Ownership: City; Current Use: Swimming pool

	Address: Faraday Street

	Ownership: City; Current Use: Recreation center

	Address: 229 E. Watt St., Alcoa, TN

	Ownership: Private; Current Use: Alcoa City Center

	Address: 127 Wilson Ave., Maryville, TN

	Address: 903 Court St., Maryville, TN

	Address: 116 Indiana Avenue, Maryville, TN

	Address: 304 Indiana Avenue, Maryville, TN

	Address: 400 Indiana Ave., Maryville, TN

	Address: 138 Stanley Ave., Maryville, TN

	Address: 108 E. Goddard Ave, Maryville, TN

	Address: Hall Rd., Alcoa TN

	Ownership: Private; Current Use: Limited use as office space

	Address: 404 High St., Maryville, TN

	Address: 225 S. Magnolia Ave., Maryville, TN

	Address: 1018 Oak Park Ave., Maryville, TN

	Address: 121 S. Ruth St., Maryville, TN

	Address: 1202 Oak Park Ave., Maryville, TN

	Address: Corner Wright Rd. and Harding St., Alcoa, TN

	Address: 2410 Sevierville Rd., Maryville, TN

	Address: 721 E. Lamar Alexander Pkwy, Maryville, TN

	Ownership: Private; Current Use: Highland Presbyterian Church's education and social building

	Address: 341 Court St., Maryville, TN

	Address: 406 S. Washington Ave., Maryville, TN

	Address: 825 Broadway Ave., Maryville, TN

	Address: 827 W. Broadway, Maryville, TN

	Dates inferred from Archival Collection dates

	Caption from photograph verso: A 9-year-old Boy Scout pins an award on Senator Kefauver for in tribute for his work in combating juvenile delinquency.

	Caption from photograph verso: Kappa Sig ? June 15,1951

	Caption from photograph verso: SC 413572 Washington, D.C. After a ceremony at the Pentagon today, at which time Secretary of the Army Frank Pace, Jr. awarded the Medal of Honor to the next of kin of four U.S. Army soldiers who gave their lives in the Korean conflict, Senators and Representatives met with the recipients from their states. From left to right, Senator Estes Kefauver and Representative J. Percy Priest examine the medal held by Mr. Benjamine F. Lyell, 333 Rayon Dr., Old Hickory, Tenn. As Mr.William Allen representing Senator Albert Gore looks on. Mr.Lyell received the medal on behalf of his son.

	Kefauver at Kimberly's after funeral for EK's father

	Bristol Tennessee High Seniors April,1954

	for Ms.Leach

	Maigie

	United States Senate Memorandum-Pictures taken on plane from Bonn to Paris to NATO meeting. Geoffrey de Freitas,Colonel Finn, and Douglas Robinson

	Bermuda

	Scene four friends gets around. He is also a friend to some of my relatives Joe,Ira,Kate Snow of Bristol Haw just return from visit with them

	Taken at Unveiling Ceremony Tomb of Miles Carey-Windmill Points VA. P.M. Estes-Mayfolk Webb May 8,1932

	Aaron Joshua, Photographer, Chowringhee Centre, Calcutta

	Tazewell TN  Tobacco Buyers  Ate in Kitchen

	LaFollette  offered pet coon  very torn (?) 2 days before coffee

	Dictate Get(?) Tour Stenotype Louise Helfin

	LaFolletteHarry Mansfield-25, Deputy Campaigner, Manager(?) at 22, Needs all 95 counters(?)

	Martin

	Made Legion Aux Mtg in DC March 1957

	Senator Estes Kefauver and Dr. Philip C. Brooks near the mural, Independence and the Opening of the West by Thomas Hart Benton, in the lobby of the Harry S. Truman Library, Jan 1963 | Copyright Harry s. Truman library stamp

	Back row Cliff Goodwin, Toy James, Sen Kefauver, Less Jesslin. Front Row Borden children, Princeville Oregon. Photo taken May 17, Redmund, Ore

	Cliff Goodwin, Tex James, Sen. Kefauver Taken May 17, Redmund, Ore

	Louise Wootten Parker. Photograph by Wootten Jackson, Tennessee

	Catfish Derby, Savannah, Tennessee

	TV Program stamp, Hudleson Studio Onawa Iowa stamp

	Aunt, a Ms. Welsh, and Uncle AC Estes, Madisonville, circa 1910, Old Pie Family pony

	Left  Sen. Kefauver  age 5 years  right  brother of Sen. Kefauver  Robert Kefauver  age 7 years  Center  Senator's Sister  Nancy  and Sen.'s mother

	Senator  Left  4 Brother Robert Cooke Kefauver - 6

	Sister, Nancy Mother, Phredonia Kefauver; Sister Nora, Hot Springs

	Estes  Mother  Nancy  Robert

	Mother Phredonia; Senator, 20,

	Nancy, Estes and Nora Kefauver, about 1915

	Kefauver & MG Cantor(?)

	On Roan Mountain, Sunday, June 20, 1954.

	Estes Kefauver  about 2 years

	Senator at teen age  sent to him by Rodgers (Rook) Menzies, Dyersburg, Tennessee, 4/17/1953

	Kefauver Steel(?)

	MONROE COUNTY (TENN.) CENTRAL HIGH SCHOOL YEARBOOK EDITORIAL STAFF  Estes Kefauver, Editor in Chief, top left. Other staff: Joe Coble, Josephine Penland, George Watson, Effie Carson, Willie Merle Ghormley

	Monroe County Tennessee Central High School First Team in Basketball, 1919-1920 (From Yearbook:) KEFAUVER  Estes (Bill) is our big center whom we are all proud of. Bill is the youngest, yet the largest and heaviest man on the team. Even though he weighs 180 pounds he gets over the court easily and can almost stand and lay the ball in.Bill says he has never played against a center who has the reach on him. (Kefauver is standing on left)

	Return to Harve M. Duggins, atty.

	Queen Linda Stamps, Sen Kefauver, Lady-in-Waiting Miss Pat Eanes, Aug 6, 1957.

	Aug 11th 1951 National Association of County and Prosecuting Attorneys, at Moraine-on-the-Lake, Highland Park, Illinois

	Jackson, Tenn. July 14, 1951

	Grocery list

	Mr. Audland, British Embassy; Sir Cyril Osbourne, MP, London; Sen. Estes Kefauver

	Kefauver at Cyphers(?) Gallery (?)

	From Donald Kelso  Fayetteville

	How are you? Photo by Clark Irvine, Alpine Calif

	Office Farce(?) Local 46 UPWA Waterloo, Iowa, October 1956. Written 3/19/57

	Senator Kefauver, Mayor Mike Michaels (?), Charles City, Iowa, Local 46 UPWA Waterloo Iowa

	Mayor:written 3/19/59 Mike Michaels Charles City,Iowa October 1956 ran 3rd Congman against H.R. Gross, and defeated

	Larry Democrat Bill Wettergal Senator Kefauver Local 46 UPWA Waterloo,Iowa written 3/19/1959

	Beel Hoges (?) and me at Proui (?) ile-1956

	Best Wishes Dr.Estes From May Neese Stouhope,Iowa Mrs.Neese wants Henri to see this September 19,1956

	EK- Virginia August 1960

	Virginia Beach August 1960

	Senator Estes Kefauver Edward Lamb Painting of Woman Taken in Adultery by Rubene J.Howard McGrath

	Big Mouth Black Bass Caught On Houseboat Noah's Ark Fishing Parties A Specialty Capt. N.J. Tilghman. Palatra, FL.

	Put-In-Bay,Ohio 28 Aug 53 Senator Estes Kefauver McMinville,Tennessee Dear Senator;Enclosed are some photos that I took of your wife and yourself when you were visiting Herbert Buffy at his summer home here at Put-In-Bay. I have also included several views of the island. I want to thank you for your kind cooperation in posing for the pictures, and I hope my pictures serve as pleasant reminders of your visit to Put-In-Bay. Yours truly, Robert J. Dodge 9-1-1953

	May 1941 Mr. and Mrs. Paul F. Kefauver, Emmette,Idaho

	Just when your family was leaving with the kids saying goodbye to Paul

	Estes Kefauver Left-Guard University of Tennessee 1922.Playing excellent game at guard every game of the season Please send it to me when finished E. Kefauver as Left Guard on the University of Tennessee Football Team, 1922 (Credit:Kefauver Library)

	As high school teacher and coach, Hot Springs, Ark.

	Picture undated  Senator says was taken when he was in Hot Springs

	RL Gatts, Dry Hollow, K-Port Tennessee, Sorry(?) off to see Gene?

	July 4, 1958, Loudon, Made by Chas. F. McCall, PO Box 5, Loudon, TN

	Taken 8-4-44. Celebrating the 154th anniversary of the founding of the US Coast Guard last night at TVA boat harbor were Chattanooga Coast Guard men and temporary Coast Guard reserves. Estes Kefauver representative of the third Tennessee congressional district and ensign George McKenzie USN were guests. Left to right standing are CBM Herman Ferger Junior, Cox Robert H Griffith, BM 1C, Pat St. Charles and CBM Summerfield Johnston; seated, Lieut. Tom m. reed of the local Coast Guard office;Key father, McKenzie, and ensign Carter Patten, commander of the temporary reserves

	Estes Kefauver 219-60 at Andrew Johnson

	Estes Kefauver snowballing at Andrew Johnson

	Estes Kefauver gazes with pride at TVA dam.

	Estes & mother 1935; Such a chin

	father, estes, sister Nancy, 1924 or 1925

	July or August 1953, Behind U of Tenn Law Bldg, Taken by Mrs AEG Bates, Chatham Lane, Oak Ridge, TN

	Please Credit F. Clyde Wilkinson Arlington 7, VA. Home Phone Jackson 2-

	Finished by Shannon's Nov 23,1937 7261 Market St. Chattanooga

	Skimobile North Conway, N.H. 1952 Mrs.Eleanor Beek 12 Brakett Lane Portsmouth N.H.

	All the family Join in friendship and in sendity(?) greetings and wishing you much happiness during this Holiday Season-Nancy and Estes kefauver

	Don Cravens

	Photo by Emerson Humphrey, Southern Pines, NC

	Babbie, Mrs. Kefauver and Diane

	BBThe Kefauver family home in Madisonville, TN Credit: Kefauver Library

	Signing autographs at Chamberlion South Dakota; hour(?) Carl Sprink,Mitchell SD. Film processed 1960.

	Photo taken at S. S. Airport just before the departure of Estes and Adlai for more campaigns of 1956. From Lester o. Wister 194848th Ave., Oakland, CA September 1956.

	L to R:H. Paul Samthe, Lepold Carrigan, Sen. Kefauver, Albert J. Farneau

	demo rally

	May 15, 1952 grants pass Oregon Elwood Hussey of Cave Junction giving Sen. keep offer Oregon gold nugget( in center, Jack Snodgrass, Democratic committee chairman; regal, State Sen. Jack Bain, Kefauver state campaign manager)

	Michigan Oct 1956

	Taken during 1956 campaign possibly in florida  Picture sent by Mrs Jeanine Zurmuhler, West Palm Beach Florida

	Taken on steps of capital  February 10, 1954 group has appeared before the independent officers subcommittee of the House appropriations committee on behalf of TVA's Appropriation request.

	Cleo Butler (candidate for State Senate) Bozeman, Montana. Photo taken at Great Falls, Montana, March 21, 1956

	Cop-- Frank Mazar; Richard LaRoche formerly of Franklin getting out of car

	May 1952  Grants Pass, Ore.Mayor Murrie Nulbank greeting Sen Kefauver

	Ruth Bon Fleur

	May 15, 1952  Grant's Pass, Oregon. Kefauver speaking from courthouse steps with officials from state campaign committee. Cavemen wearing hat of Oregon coonskin given to Sen. at Medford

	FERREL MEADOR GREGORY A

	News clipping titled, Senator Here for Sugar Bowl Tilt caption: Two Poses in the Famous Coonskin Cap instructions to cut other two out of picture. Credit: Kefauver Library

	No.5 August 7 1948

	Ernest Fox, Kirby Sales and Service, Rockwood, TN; II.2

	College girls hope to "Kefauverize" the country. "Young people are idealists," says Boston University co-eds. "That's why we want Sen. Kefauver, who gives us a sure guarantee of honest government

	Senator Kefauver and Mrs. Annette latimer delegate from Imperial County California in front of D Anza hotel saulico calif 5/26/1952

	Carroll Photo

	Larry Morley, compliments of Edward J. Cronin

	John Molloy, Estes Kefauver and Frank Minarik; Sam Levitz, Tuscon, Arizona

	Reginald Russell, Tuscon

	Taken March 8 1952 Lincoln NH Best Wishes DJ Walsh

	Chas. Aldridge and Dog Snow Team Laconia, NH Feb 1952 During Pres. Primary

	Billy Morris, chosen as Mr. Central by the students at central high in Manchester. Taken in front of Nick Kloac's Clover Farm Store in Manchester, New Hampshire

	Dear Estes the girl with white pants in this picture of the Albuquerque Junior Kefauver club is my little sister Jere whose little speech in Oklahoma City in 1948 gave senator Kerr his name of Bob billboard Kerr. I have made an arrow pointing to my son Huck Finn best wishes Bob La Follette

	To Senator Kefauver with kindest regards Robert LaFollette. Kefauver Rally Albuquerque NM May 25 1952

	Ben Bodne Stamp, Algonquin Hotel; April 4 1952

	Back unavailable (glued to envelope)

	Camp. '56 Cleveland Ohio. Campaign Smile

	Camp. '56 Cleveland Ohio. 2/15/1956

	1956 Campaign

	1956 Campaign, "A Natural Course of Events

	Senator Kefauver, Nancy Kefauver and Paul Butler

	Stevenson, Sparkman, Folsom, Kefauver

	Sen. Kefauver (At Ceremony) Crowd shot from behind platform for Hometown Boy. 08/22/1956. UTK Library stamp

	Sen. Kefauver

	Howdy folks

	Happy after results (?)

	Photo by Star Staff Arnold Taylor

	Floyd Evans, Tennessean

	Kefauver campaign press release

	From Ralph Hecker,PR, Chrysler Corp, Evansville, Indiana, In DeSoto pace car on way to Gridiron Dinner. Photographer Edward Greenwell, Evansville, Indiana

	Compliments of R  Sioux City Iowa, Aug 8 1956

	Rec 7/13/1956 HPK

	L to R: Ted Walker, Frank Minarek, delegate;Eddie Jacobs, delegate;Sen E Kefauver; William Bill Minor, Delegate

	Issue numbering varies.

	Issued for The University of Tennessee National Alumni Association.

	None

	{'@type': 'statement of responsibility'}

	Only 1 page of music

	From "Naughty Marietta"

	Composed expressly for Godey's Lady's Book

	From "Greenwich village follies"

	Only includes waltzes by Strauss and Herz (incomplete?)

	From "Miss Dolly Dollars"

	From "Marrying Mary"

	From the collection "Gems of German Songs." Trans. J. S. Dwight.

	Translated from the Spanish by Cecil Cowdrey. Includes an excerpt from "Mi viejo amor."

	Handwritten poem on inside cover

	Translated from the Russian by Avrahm Yarmolinsky

	Third edition

	From "Il Barbiere di Siviglia"

	Also includes the song "Lovely Lucerne"

	Part of "European melodies by celebrated composers"

	Reduced score for voice and piano

	Melody composed by Shapland.

	Arr. and Trans. by W. D. Raphaelson

	Trans. Thomas Power.

	Includes an excerpt from Raab's "The stars and stripes are nailed to the 'old North Pole'"

	Includes two excerpts from other songs

	Trans. Henry Stevens.

	Adapted to the tune of "Benedette sia la madre"

	Missing pages 3-4

	Includes four additional short pieces by Penn

	Signed by the composer. Also includes first page from "O! spirit of the summertime."

	No composer listed. Second edition.

	Includes a thematic index of Paderewski's opuses

	Words from "The drama of Pocahontas"

	Pages are sewn together with thin twine

	Includes a preview of Meditation, by A. Kimball

	Has holes where pages were sewn together

	Also includes quartet for male or mixed voices

	Multiple songs- each has different performer, composer, etc.

	Missing pages 7 and 8

	Hand dated Feb. 14, 1914

	Physical copy missing

	Signed by composer and lyricist

	Pages 2 and 3 have tears

	Signed by composer

	Introduced by: Fritzi Scheff

	Has many different titles and composers

	To: Emile Berger

	Signed by the lyricist

	Dedicated to Albert Calkin Lewis

	To Miss Mary Wright

	Pages 3-4 missing

	Signed by G.M.

	Signed by composer/lyricist

	Signed by Charlotte Walker

	The brides farewell [sic]

	From "Irene"

	From "Apple blossoms"

	Several pages torn

	From "Water-colors"

	From "Five canzonets no. 1"

	Has front page only - music is missing

	Pages missing

	The old mans song to his wife [sic]

	Front cover only

	Dates inferred from dates of archival collection.

	Panorama taken looking East from the Rich Mountain Fire Tower with Sugarland Mountain on left and Cold Spring Knob on right. The fire tower is no longer standing.

	uncaptioned

	Ethel and I hiked up to Bunker Hill FireTower?The middle panorama is looking south east at the Smokies?

	Panorama taken looking Southeast from Bunker Hill Fire Tower, which no longer exists.

	From Cove Mountain Looking Southeast: Mt Le Conte, Bull Head, Newfound Gap, and Mt Mingus.

	Panorama taken looking Southeast from the Cove Mountain Fire Tower, which is still standing, viewing Rocky Spur on the left and Mount Mingus on the right.

	From Cove Mountain Looking Southeast: Mt Collins, Clingmans Dome, and Mt Buckley.

	Panorama taken looking Southeast from the Cove Mountain Fire Tower, which is still standing. Sugarland Mountain is in the middleground on the left with Bent Arm on the right.

	From Cove Mountain Looking Southwest: Round Top and Townsend.

	Panorama taken looking North from High Rocks Fire tower, which was removed in the 1980s, viewing Thunderhead on left and Clingmans Dome on right.

	view from High Rocks.

	Panorama taken looking North from High Rocks Fire Tower, which was removed in the 1980s, viewing Thunderhead of left,  with Silers Bald and The Narrows on right.

	"This view greeted us on Myrtle Point. Newfound Gap on left center and Clingman's Dome on the right." / "On 28 Sep 1977 we drove to Newfound Gap with low clouds hanging over Mt Leconte."

	Hike to Shuckstack where there was a little frost.

	Panorama taken looking West from the Shuckstack Fire Tower of the Little Shuckstack and Lake Fontana to the right.

	Panorama taken looking West from the Shuckstack Fire Tower, which is still standing.

	View of Lake Fontana taken looking Southeast from Shuckstack Fire Tower, which is still standing.

	Thermal inversion, 40 below and 55 on top, looking toward Le Conte.

	View from Spence Field.

	A view along Maddron Bald hike of Mt. Le Conte or Snag Mountain.

	Panorama of Cades Cove from Rich Mountain.

	Early morning on Kephart Prong / "23 Jul 1975, Kephart Pr Sweat Heifer, AT, Richland Mtn, Grassy Br."

	A view of the AT to the east from Jumpoff

	View looking East from the Jump-Off on Mount Kephart looking at Porters Mountain on left and Richland Mountain on right.

	From Richland Mtn to the east, Guyot in distance

	View looking Northeast from Richland Mountains with The Sawteeth on left and Pecks Corner on right.

	From High Rocks to Fontana Lake / "30 Jul hiked from Forney Creek back to dam."

	Panorama: From High Rocks to Fontana Lake

	Fontana Village from Shuckstack / "30 Jul?"

	From Spruce Mtn tower looking to NW; LeConte, Porter Gap, Sequoyah, Chapman, Guyot - old Black

	Panorama taken looking Northeast from the Spruce Mountain Fire Tower with Laurel Top at left and Old Black at right. Spruce Mountain Fire Tower is no longer standing.

	(69) "High Rocks and Welch Ridge south Silers Bald" / "On Oct 21?" / (70) "Forney Ridge in distance from Silers Bald" / "On Oct 21?"

	Cades Cove from loop Tr / "1 Dec 1975 a loop trail hike of Rich Mountain"

	Bryson City area from Noland Divide / "On 6 Dec 1975 hiked Deep Creek & Noland Divide"

	Clingman's Dome from Thomas Divide Trail / "9 Feb 1976 hiked Newton Bald, Thomas Divide"

	"The valley we just came up" / "24 Feb 76 Cosby to Low Gap to Walnut Botm."

	View from Hemphill bald. / 19 Jul 1976 W Brinegar and M Stevenson and I hiked from Paul's gap into Cataloochee valley."

	Part of 5 picture panorama viewing Unicoi Mountain Range from a bald near Farr Gap.

	Unicoi Mountain Range from bald near Farr Gap / "18 Dec 1976 hiked up Little Slickrock to Little Shuckstack and down Slickrock Creek"

	Then as we looked to the north we saw the rest Slickrock valley and Chilhowees in distance. / "9 Apr 1977?"

	On Happy Valley road near Foothill Pkw / "14 May 1977 L Webb, R Collins, M Stevenson on trail to Stratton Bald from Joyce Kilmer"

	The Big Pool before ascending the ridge / "Laborday, 5 Sep 1977, on my 60th birthday we hiked up Raven Fork and Breakneck Ridge. The sun was just hitting the top along Straight Fork as we got to our trailhead."

	Telephoto shot of Parson Bald from Gregory

	Two frame telephoto panorama with a view of Parson Bald from Gregory Bald.

	We had lunch on top of Hangover.  You can see Clingmans Dome, 30 miles away!

	Panorama taken looking South from the Rich Mountain Fire Tower, which no longer exists, viewing Cold Spring Knob on left, Gregory Bald on right, and Cades Cove below.

	Two separate handwritten journals, not sure of author.

	There were two separate journals, not sure which one Ubelaker wrote.

	Department of Transportation Project No. RF-031-1(18)

	Several memos from different field parties to Chief Robert L. Stephenson.

	Includes several Averbuch keys and coding sheets.

	There were no first names included on list.

	Includes preliminary report on the 1970 summer field season, National Science Foundation Grant no. GS2717 along with a preliminary report on 1968 summer field season National Geographic Society Grant.

	[Knoxville, Tenn.] : The University,

	Collection donated by Laura E. and Ella Luttrell

	Title created from image details.

	Title is from information on back of photograph.

	Title is from information on back of photograph. Unable to read image number on photograph.

	Gift of Mr. and Mrs. Louis Bailey Audigier, McClung Museum of Natural History and Culture, The University of Tennessee

	{'@displayLabel': 'Intermediate Provider', '#text': 'University of Tennessee, Knoxville. Libraries'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Local Rights', '#text': "Permission granted for reproduction for use in research and teaching, provided proper attribution of source. Credit line should read: [description of item, including photographic number], 'Courtesy of McClung Museum of Natural History and Culture, The University of Tennessee.' For all other uses consult https://mcclungmuseum.utk.edu/research/image-services/rights-reproductions/ or call 865-974-2144."}

	Gift of Marcia S. Young, McClung Museum of Natural History and Culture, The University of Tennessee

	Gift of the Friends of Egyptology, McClung Museum of Natural History and Culture, The University of Tennessee

	Anonymous, McClung Museum of Natural History and Culture, The University of Tennessee

	Yearbook of the University of Tennessee, Knoxville.

	Volume 4, Number 2 does not exist. Volume 5, Number 1 follows Volume 4, Number 1 in the series.

	The University of Tennessee Libraries (Knoxville, Tennessee) is the digital publisher.

	This booklet was published at the beginnig of 1898 to celebrate the new year ahead and provide information about the church.

	This is a program for the First Presbyterian Church of Bristol, Tennessee`s Easter service.

	This is page 18 of the 24 page booklet, Bristol Virginia-Tennessee Information Guide, published in 1929 by the Chamber of Commerce. This page lists statistical information, on population, businessess, climate, and geography.

	Anderson was a pastor in Lee County, Virginia for over fifty years. This speech was given upon the laying of the cornerstone of the Sunday School building of the First Presbyterian Church. He recounts a brief history of the area and the first formation of the Sunday School in Bristol.

	This is a United States ration book from World War II. In World War II, many food items and other goods were rationed in the United States. Citizens were issued ration books to ensure equal distribution of food and other rationed items and materials.

	This menu from Bunting`s Drugstore, located in Bristol, Tennessee is from the 20th century. The drugstore is now listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It operated from 1850 until the latter half of the 20th century. It was an extremely popular "gathering" place during its years of operation.

	This set of instructions was issued to United States citizens during World War II to explain why some food items were rationed and how to use your ration stamps to purchase these items.

	This is a registration certificate for the draft to George Franklin Burns during WWII. The back includes physical feature details such as a missing right eye.

	This is a Sugar Purchase Certificate of The Office of Price Administration for Scott McClain, of Lebanon, Tennessee in Wilson County for 30 pounds of sugar.

	Blanche F. Johnson was a resident of Lebanon, Tennessee note information on both scans - about regulations for using, etc. such as "It is a criminal offense to violate rationing regulations." has some stamps remaining within, in crumpled condition

	This is a newspaper clipping from an unknown newspaper (likely a tennessee paper) tells about Lebanon, TN to be the headquarters for military maneuvers.

	Date is either Sept or Dec 13th. Advertisements on reverse mention Fall, not Christmas.

	This brochure appears to be a mailing sent to prospective students. It highlights Cumberland University`s participation in the training of U.S. army forces during World War II. It also has photos of the training maneuvers and the university.

	This letter to Mr. and Mrs. Ben McCoullough Sr. expresses distress over knowledge of the death of their son, Private First Class Ben McCullough, Jr. from W.C. Westmoreland, Commanding General, U.S. Army.

	These are two newspaper articles in Shelbyville Times-Gazette about Capt. Charles Tucker`s posthumous award of the Flying Cross. One details the dedication ceremony of Tucker Auditorium.

	This is a certificate of the posthumous promotion, Lieutenant Charles Gilbert Tucker, first killed in Veitnam from Bedford County.

	This is a letter from President Johnson to the Stovall`s expressing sadness at the death of their son Carl R. Stovall, Private First Class.

	This letter is expressing distress over death of the Stovall`s son, Carl R. Stovall, from W.C. Westmoreland, General, U.S. Army.

	This catalog contains excerpts of Perfection Leathergoods as well as advertisments for horse equipment.

	This is the Shoppers` Weekly Journal`s 8 page tribute article on Governor Prentice Cooper.

	This is a program from the 6th annual Tennessee Walking Horse National Celebration. Inside there are lists of the horses, their riders, and their owners.

	These are excerpted pages from The Blue Ribbon, Official Organ Tennessee Walking Horse National Celebration, dated Sept. 7-9, 1939. Inside it tells about the event and displays pictures of the directors.

	This pamphlet from an African-American school in Shelbyville, Tennessee, gives the purpose of the school as preparing the co-educational student population with a practical and useful education. It describes the building as well the absence policy, courses of study, and tuition. The President was James B. Eskridge.

	This is a student paper published by the students of Dickson Central High School, called the Central Star. Included are two distinct essays. "In 1950" is a projection into the future, in which the author believes there will be robots, flying cars and boats, instantaneous mail delivery, etc. "On poverty" is an essay which discusses the nature of poverty, and suggests that wealth can mean different things to different people depending on their circumstances. Pages include advertisements at bottom.

	Excerpts from the Christmas issue of the Central Star, Published by the students of Dickson Central High School in Dickson, Tennessee. It includes a student letter to Santa Claus about school, exchanges with other student papers, etc.

	This is a reprint of a student oration given at a contest sponsored by the Nashville Tennessean in 1925; It appeared in the Central Star, March 1926. Published by the Students of Dickson Central High School, Dickson TN.

	This is a program for a recital at Oakmont School leading up to a presentation of certificate to Eleanora W. Miller, the Certificate Pupil. Dockie Shipp Weems was a renowned teacher of high school oratory.

	This is a program for a recital and the play, "The Lost Prince" at the Sulphur Spring School. Admission is 10 and 15 cents.

	This is a portion of an independent newspaper called the Cosmopolitan Sun, dedicated to civil and social reform. It was published in Van-Leer, Tennessee. This particular edition is distributed world-wide. It includes editorials, astrology, advertisements, and public service announcements. Included within the "In our mailbox" section is an angry letter from the KKK. On Page 8 there is a handwritten note that reads, "Mr. Ishmael gave me this. He printed for the man."

	This is an invitation for the commencement exercises run from May 10th to the 15th, 1912. The second page lists the faculty at the top, and below it the graduates broken down into 5 disciplines: Literary, Piano, Art, Voice, Expression.

	This is a program for the Annual Commencement Debate at Ruskin-Cave College in the year 1912. The debate is over whether the Initiative, Referendum and Recall should be adopted in all the States. The note at the top says "Sat with Sadie just behind M. and Effie. Took our `pictures` with us." Commencement debaters on the affirmative side include: William Herbert Saxon from Burnell, Mississippi; Max Edgard Strang from Winona, Texas; For the negative: Henry Mautie McIntosh from Arrington, Tennessee; Matthew R. Allen from Four Oaks, North Carolina.

	Program from a student recital at Ruskin-Cave College, "school of expression." Florence Belle Ogg is from Westminster, MD. A note on the program says "Sat with Ethel on our seat across from W.C. Max and Roy one more time." The program lists the song title, composer, student soloist and where they`re from.

	Ruskin-Cave College School of Music Programme. Note on top states "I passed out programmes and sat with Beatrice on chair." Programme includes list of performance piece, performer and composer.

	This is a partial program for St. Katherine`s School, in Bolivar, Tennessee. Only the back pages visible: The front pages were used as a scrapbook for programs from Ruskin-Cave College. One page, partially uncovered details of the Christian education provided by the school. What remains is the school curriculum, tuition, rules, students awards, etc. The brochure includes a photograph of the women`s basketball team.

	8 pages of a 20 page brochure; Descriptions of Mr. Edward Amherst Ott`s Lectures 1 through 4, including "Sour Grapes, or "Heredity and Marriage" and "The Spenders, or the Ballot of the Dollar" There is also a list of tricks by magician Edward Reno, whose performance is titled "Rapid Fire Magic" Included in the brochure are advertisements with old-style phone numbers.

	A song to serenade a sweetheart, this piece is dedicated to "the Cadets of the W.M.I Nashville, Tenn." and has an inscription written in pencil on the cover page that reads "Nora Lee Gardner College HIll Columbia, Tenn Dec. 22, 1861." This piece is part of a large bound volume of sheet music that once belong to Miss Nora Gardner, who was a Tennessee resident.

	This composition is one of six within a compilation entitled "Evenings At Home Six Popular Ballads by Eminent Composers." A love ballad, the song declares everlasting affection and states "Fondly I'm dreaming ever of Thee." This piece is part of a bound volume of sheet music that once belonged to Miss Nora Gardner, a Tennessee resident.

	This composition for the piano is a scotch song that extols the virtues of a place called "Ingle side," and finds it more beautiful than anything in nature. This piece is part of a bound volume of sheet music that once belonged to Tennessee resident, Miss Nora Gardner. Her name is inscribed in two different places on this piece of sheet music.

	On the top right corner of the cover page of this piano ballad is an inscription written in pencil that reads "Presented to Nora by J. Frank Bell November 1859." The cover page of this piece that is included in a bound volume of sheet music once owned by Miss Nora Gardner, who was a resident of Tennessee, has an elaborate emobossed frame around the title.

	This piece is included in a bound volume of sheet music that was once owned by Miss Nora Gardner, who was a Tennessee resident. It is part of a compilation of "Comic Songs." The words to this love song were taken from The Knickerbocker, a New York City literary magazine. The last page is an advertisement for "A Select Catalogue of Popular Ballads."

	This piece of sheet music is included in a bound volume that once belonged to Miss Nora Gardner, a Tennessee resident. Under the title on the cover page are the words "Ethiopian Song" and is dedicated to E.P. Christy Esq. Of the Celebrated Christy's Minstrels." At the upper right corner is an inscription written in pencil that reads "Presented to Nora by her Sis Mollie."

	This piece of sheet music is included in a bound volume that once belonged to Miss Nora Gardner, a Tennessee resident. This patriotic poem was "Adapted and Arranged for the 'Baltimore Olio,'which was a monthly music publication specifically for women according to the article "Mid-Nineteenth-Century American Periodicals A Case Study", by Mary Wallace Davidson published in the journal Notes (1997).

	This piece of sheet music is included in a bound volume that once belonged to Miss Nora Gardner, a Tennessee resident. In the upper right corner of the cover is an inscription written in pencil that reads "Nora Lee Gardner." An ode to a dog that states "I'll never, never find A better friend than old dog Tray."

	This piece of sheet music is included in a bound volume once belonging to Miss Nora Gardner, a Tennessee resident. This song is "A Beautiful Duet for Two Soprano Voices" and the lyrics are a sad reminiscence of "the land far away." On the back of the last sheet, a handwritten note in pencil reads "If Miss Nora ever peruses these lines let her remember those beautiful soul inspiring songs with which she favored me tonight and accept my my [sic] sincerest thanks which in my fervor I was so negligent as not to offer. Your truly. --- March 15, 1865."

	This clipping from an unknown newspaper is adhered to the back of a piece of sheet music included in a bound volume that once belonged to Tennessee resident, Miss Nora Gardner. These words,disparaging Abraham Lincoln and the Emancipation Proclamation, listed as created in Newman, GA., May 21, 1861" were to be sung to the popular tune "Dixie."

	This piece of sheet music is included in a bound volume that once belonged to Miss Nora Garder, who lived in Tennessee. This particular piece, a love song, has a cover that reads "Gems of English Song with accompaniment for the Piano Forte." Inscribed in pencil on the front cover are the words "Nora Gardner from Eliza Nov 15 1861." No publication date is listed. However, this piece was published during the span of 1855 through 1894, which has been inferred from the years during which the publisher operated under the specified name and location, as listed in the Handbook of Early American Sheet Music 1768-1889 by Harry Dichter and Elliott Shapiro (Dover, 1977).

	This piece of sheet music is included in a bound volume once belonging to Miss Nora Gardner, a Tennessee resident. Under the title reads "No. 10 Lays of Beauty." There is no creation date or publication date listed. In addition, there is no publisher name listed.

	This piece of sheet music is included in a bound volume that once belonged to Miss Nora Gardner, a Tennessee resident. This piece is the "Answer to Willie we have missed you."

	This piece of sheet music is included in a bound volume that was once owned by Miss Nora Gardner, a Tennessee resident. "The Music of Morris Brothers Pell and Huntley's Minstrels arranged for the Piano" is the title on the front cover. This love song tells of how "happy we will be, With you my bride down by my side, In the cottage by the sea."

	This piece of sheet music is included in a bound volume that once belonged to Tennessee resident, Miss Nora Gardner. There are several inscriptions on this piece. First, the front cover has "Nora Lee Gardner inscribed in pencil along the top right hand section. Also on the front cover is "Nora L Gardner" written in pencil in the dedication banner above the title. "March 1860" is written in pencil above the composer's name on the front cover. On the first page, the words "Compliments of J R M....." is written in pencil. The song itself is an expression of undying love.

	This piece of sheet music is included in a bound volume that once belonged to Tennessee resident, Miss Nora Gardner. Inscribed in pencil on the front cover are the words "Nora E. Gardner Dresden Tenn." Under the title, are the words "Oh Come With Me In My Little Canoe," which is the opening line of the song.

	This piece of sheet music is included in a bound volume once belonging to Tennessee resident, Miss Nora Gardner. This song has lyrics printed in English and in German, and is an ode to a beloved who is far away. There is no publication date. However, this piece was published during the span of 1855 through 1870, which has been inferred from the years during which the publisher operated under the specified name and location, as listed in the Handbook of Early American Sheet Music 1768-1889 by Harry Dichter and Elliott Shapiro (Dover, 1977).

	This poem printed in a newspaper was clipped and adhered to the back of a piece of sheet music included in a bound volume once belonging to Miss Nora Gardner, who was a Tennessee resident. The heading at the top of the clipping is "Daily Appeal." The words were to be sung to the popular tune of "Dixie" by Dan D. Emmett as a call to Southerners to take up arms against the North.

	This piece of sheet music is included in a bound volume that once belonged to Miss Nora Gardner, a Tennessee resident. It is inscribed in pencil at the top of the cover page to "Miss Nora L Gardner from an 'Acquaintance' Evansville Ind 4th July 1863." The song laments a lost love from the woman's point of view and says to "Go, and smile upon another, Kneel and worship at her shrine, Win her heart: then coldly break it, As you would have broken mine."

	This piece of sheet music is included in a bound volume that once belonged to Miss Nora Gardner, a Tennessee resident. This particular piece is part of a collection called "Lyric Sparks" and is inscribed in pencil on the song's first page as "Compliments of J. R. Martin." The song itself is an ode to a lovely lady.

	This is a clipping from a newspaper that is adhered to the back of a piece of sheet music bound in a volume that once belonged to Miss Nora Gardner, a Tennessee resident. This clipping is a poem entitled "Farewell to Yankee Doodle," which is a derogatory account of the North and its reasons for the Civil War as well as a call to the South for independence. The newspaper publisher is unknown, as is the year of publication. However, since this poem's content reflects the Southern attitudes regarding the issues of the Civil War, the creation date and publication dates are inferred from the range of 1861-1865.

	This piece of sheet music is included in a bound volume once owed by Miss Nora Gardner, a Tennessee resident. This particular composition has an inscription on the front cover in pencil that reads "Nora Gardner Columbia Tenn Jan 30th 1863." The song is a Scotch ballad sung by Jenny Lind that tells of the courtship of a Scottish lass by her "Bonny Jocky" and the fact that she would not give in to his affection unless he married her.

	This piece of sheet music is included in a bound volume that belonged to Tennessee resident, Miss Nora Gardner, and is inscribed in pencil on the front cover with these words "Presented to Nora by Dr. J. Frank Bell November [date unclear]" At the bottom of that page is another handwritten note "Compliments of J. Frank Bell." The hymn has the lyrics in both English and French and is a patriotic cry for freedom from tyranny. No publication date is listed. However, this piece was published during the span of 1845 through 1856, which has been inferred from the years during which the publisher operated under the specified name and location, as listed in the Handbook of Early American Sheet Music 1768-1889 by Harry Dichter and Elliott Shapiro (Dover, 1977).

	This piece of sheet music is included in a bound volume that belonged to Tennessee resident, Miss Nora Gardner. This piece is "from the Songs of the Legends and Traditions of Ireland" and is arranged for the Guitar. It seems like an Irish variation on popular fairy tales involving mythical ladies luring unsuspecting people to their deaths. The creation date of 1838 is questionable. This piece was published during the span of 1840 through 1855, which has been inferred from the years during which the publisher operated under the specified name and location, as listed in the Handbook of Early American Sheet Music 1768-1889 by Harry Dichter and Elliott Shapiro (Dover, 1977).

	This piece of sheet music is included in a bound volume that belonged to Tennessee resident, Miss Nora Gardner. It is a serenade arranged for the guitar.

	This piece of sheet music is included in a bound volume once owned by Tennessee resident, Miss Nora Gardner. It's cover has a handwritten inscription to "Miss N. Gardner from a "Union friend of T. Richards." The piece is "Dedicated to the United Democracy" and states that "The North and South have acted wrong" and urges the people to support their cause of keeping the pre-Civil War status quo.

	This piece of sheet music is included in a bound volume that belonged to Tennessee resident Miss Nora Gardner. This is a Confederate fight song, urging the Confederate soldiers to "Cheer, boys, cheer" to do their "duty" and fight for the Confederacy. On the back of the last page there is a handwritten poem, presumably written by Miss Gardner.

	This piece of sheet music is included in a bound volume once belonging to Tennessee resident, Miss Nora Gardner. This song is a plea to the state of Kentucky to stay with and fight for the Confederacy. On the cover is a handwritten inscription to "Miss Nora Gardner from a Friend May 1863."

	A piece of sheet music in a bound volume that belonged to Tennessee resident, Miss Nora Gardner, which has her name written in pencil on the front cover with the words "Steamer Superior 4th July 1863" as well as the words "yes I have" after the title. This ballad tells of how a woman has sent her love off to war.

	A piece of sheet music bound in a volume once owned by Tennessee resident, Miss Nora Gardner. This piece has a color picture of a robin and under the title are these words "A crumb of Bread for Robin His little heart to cheer." Also noted is that it was "sung by Madam Anna Bishop."

	This is a piece of sheet music bound in a volume that belonged to Miss Nora Gardner, a resident of Tennessee. This song extols the virtues of the seceeding Southern states.

	A piece of sheet music bound with others in a volume once belonging to Miss Nora Gardner, who lived in Tennessee. This particular piece was attributed to Alice Hawthorne, but that was a pseudonym for the composer Septimus Winner.

	The words and music of this song that express the sadness and pain of a soldier being separated from his love were attributed to a cadet of the Western Military Institute located in Nashville, Tennessee.

	This piece of music relates a story told by A "Rebel Prisoner" who, when looking through fallen soldiers' belongings on a battlefield comes across a young, dying boy. The boy pleads to keep a locket that has inside a picture of his sister.

	This piece of music is a rallying song to the Confederate cause and has been identified as a Confederate imprint by Hoogerwerf and /or Harwell. The subtitle is "A Voice from the Old Academy" and underneath it is "Nashville, Tennessee."

	This piano-forte is a musical description of the Battle of Shiloh from the Union point of view. Above the musical notations, there are words that give direction, such as "Advance of the enemy" and "Gen Prentiss and three of his regiments are taken prisoners."

	A ballad that was written and composed by Will S. Hays for Miss Annie Cannon that tells of the death of a drummer boy at the Battle of Shiloh. The cover has a sketch of a mournful group of soldiers with the drummer boy.

	This musical composition describes the dissatisfaction of the American people over how their Congressmen are paid eight dollars per day while "Seven dollars a month and to be shot at that is the common soldier's pay While those who send the poor fellows there get Eight dollars a day."

	The full title of this composition is "Floyd's Retreat from Fort Donelson, with a running description of the Battle." Over the musical notations there are headings such as "Trumpet Call to arms." Within the musical notations are lyrics.

	This musical composition has an intricate, color sketch of a battle scene which states it is "Musically Photographed, by Charles Grobe." Pages 5 and 6 are missing.

	From the collections of the Center for Popular Music, Middle Tennessee State University.

	Sheet music for a song about Darwin's theory of evolution in which the singer is imagining the actions of his/her ancestors while still primates. Part of the Scopes subgroup of the John S. Mitchell Collection.

	Sheet music for a song about Darwin's theory of evolution, comparing the actions of humans to those of monkeys. Part of the Scopes subgroup of the John S. Mitchell Collection.

	Sheet music of an anti-evolution song published at the time of the John T. Scopes monkey trial. First chorus makes indirect reference to prohibition by mentioning Volstead. Stanzas mention several characters from the Bible, including Adam, Eve, Jonah, and Joshway (Joshua). Part of the Scopes subgroup of the John S. Mitchell Collection.

	Sheet music for a song about evolution published three years after the Scopes monkey trial. Mentions Darwin by name and makes indirect references to the trial and Dayton, TN. Contains eight "extra choruses" each of which recounts an anecdote involving a monkey. Part of the Scopes subgroup of the John S. Mitchell Collection.

	Sheet music for an anti-evolution song. Takes the stance that just because people sometimes act like monkeys does not mean that they evolved from monkeys. Includes direct references to the Garden of Eden, Adam and Eve. Part of the Scopes subgroup of the John S. Mitchell Collection.

	Sheet music for a song in which the singer claims to be the missing evolutionary link between monkeys and humans. Part of the Scopes subgroup of the John S. Mitchell Collection.

	Sheet music for a tongue-in-cheek, pro-evolution song published at the time of the John T. Scopes monkey trial. Makes direct reference to Dayton, TN and Scopes. Contains an indirect reference to prohibition in stanza 5. Part of the Scopes subgroup of the John S. Mitchell Collection.

	Sheet music of a pro-evolution song published at the time of the John T. Scopes monkey trial. Advocates the point of view that it is possible to believe in both the Bible and the theory of evolution. Part of the Scopes subgroup of the John S. Mitchell Collection.

	Sheet music for an anti-evolution, pro-creationism song published at the time of the John T. Scopes monkey trial. Part of the Scopes subgroup of the John S. Mitchell Collection.

	Sheet music for a song published at the time of the Scopes Monkey Trial, ridiculing the theory of evolution. Part of the Scopes subgroup of the John S. Mitchell Collection.

	Sheet music of a song describing the singer's unsuccessful attempts to start some "monkey biz-ness" with a girl from Tennessee named Lulu. Includes a reference to "Darwin's theory" as well as multiple jungle and monkey references. Part of the Scopes subgroup of the John S. Mitchell Collection.

	Sheet music of an anti-evolution, pro-creationism song published at the time of the John T. Scopes monkey trial. Part of the Scopes subgroup of the John S. Mitchell Collection.

	Sheet music of an anti-evolution song published at the time of the John T. Scopes monkey trial. Part of the Scopes subgroup of the John S. Mitchell Collection.

	This love song is part of a bound volume of sheet music that once belonged to Miss Nora Gardner of Tennessee. On the front cover an inscription reads "Miss Nora L Gardner from 'Hermie' [?] Evansville Ind 4th July 1863.

	This piece is one included in a bound volume of sheet music that once belonged to Miss Nora Gardner, who was a resident of Tennessee. On the front cover is an inscription that reads "Nora Lee Gardner Nashville, Tenn. Aug. 1860."

	The "The Universally Popular Ballad Lorena" speaks of a love lost because "A duty stern and pressing, broke/The tie which linked my soul with thee." This song became very popular during the American Civil War for soldiers and those at home on both sides.

	This piano forte is part of a bound volume that once belonged to Miss Nora Gardner, who was a Tennessee resident. Incribed on the cover page is "Nora Garner College Hill, Tenn."

	This song laments the loss of friendships and family. Inscribed on top - "Nora Lee Gardner, Columbia Fem. Col., Columbia, Tenn. Dec. 14th [?], 1861." This piece is part of a bound volume of sheet music that once belonged to Miss Nora Gardner, who was a resident of Tennessee. No publication date is listed. However, this piece was published during the span of 1851 through 1854, which has been inferred from the years during which the publisher operated under the specified name and location, as listed in the Handbook of Early American Sheet Music 1768-1889 by Harry Dichter and Elliott Shapiro (Dover, 1977).

	A woman asking her sweetheart to call her loving names like "flower," "bird," and "star" to express his admiration and love of her fine womanly qualities. This piece is part of a bound volume of sheet music that was once owned by Miss Nora Gardner, who lived in Tennessee. An inscription on the front cover reads "Nora Gardner, June 13, 186?"[possibly 1867 or 1869].

	This ballad tells of a "rock beside the sea" or woman who waits for the ships to come back. "There's but one place for me, Till I can greet thy swift sail home - My lone rock by the sea." The cover image is of a woman sitting on a rocky outcropping overlooking ships sailing in the sea. This piece is part of a bound volume of sheet music once owned by Tennessee resident, Miss Nora Gardner, and is incribed in pencil "To Nora from Bellie" on the cover page.

	A song that tells of how a rainfall will evoke memories of the past. Included in a bound volume of sheet music that once belonged to Tennessee resident Nora Gardner.

	A song about a woman waiting by the sea for the return of her love, a sailor. Inscribed in pencil on the front cover are the words "Compliments of Pud."

	A song mourning the loss of his lover, Mary Aileen. Inscribed in pencil on the cover sheet reads "Compliments of a Friend."

	A ballad of lost love. Inscribed in pencil on the cover page as follows: "Compliments of a Friend"

	This ballad recalls the loss of a sweetheart or husband to another woman. Inscription on the cover reads "Nora E. Gardner, Columbia Female College, Tenn." This piece is included in a bound volume of sheet music that once belonged to Miss Nora Gardner of Tennessee.

	The preface to this song is "During the occupation of the Tyrol by the French and after a skirmish between the hostile ranks, an infant child was found alone in their camp by the 11th Regiment of the Grand Army of Napoleon. And by that regiment she was fostered and beloved, and all were proud of the charming Vivandiere Maria, the name given to the child, upon the attainment of her 18th year was discovered to be the daughter of the Marchioness de Berkenfield, and by her moved to a sphere more consonant to the dignity of her birth. Still the affectionate girl found it impossible to shake off the attachment of her childhood, and being reproached by her mother with want of pride, defended herself in the words of this song, which is so exquisitely sung by the renowned Cantatrice, Jenny Lind, in the Opera of "La Fille Du Regiment," as to entitle it to be called the gem of the opera." This piece is included in a bound volume of sheet music once owned by Miss Nora Gardner of Tennessee.

	This love song "serenade" is included in a bound volume of sheet music that was once owned by Miss Nora Gardner of Tennessee. An inscription at the top of the front cover reads "Nora E. Gardner College Hill Tenn."

	The cover to this piece states that this is "from the Opera of Io Zingaro As Sung by Mrs. Franklin." Inscribed in pencil on the top of the cover is "To Nora from Monnae." Included in a bound volume of sheet music that once belonged to Tennessee resident, Miss Nora Gardner. The publication date was inferred from the dates in pencil on the cover of the piece.

	A love ballad that has on the cover inscribed in pencil "Miss Mary Gardner from H.Walls." Included in a bound volume of sheet music once owned by Miss Nora Gardner, a Tennessee resident.

	This song tells of a wanderer who cannot forget his love. This was one of ten songs that were part of a publication called "Frendships Offering Beautiful Songs by Various Authors" and included in a bound volume that once belonged to Tennessee resident, Nora Gardner. On the back of the last page, is a hand-written lyrics to a song entitled "I have no Mother, how I'm weeping" and dated "Oakland, Tenn Sept. 2nd, 1871." No publication date is listed. However, this piece was published in 1860, which has been inferred from the year during which the publisher operated under the specified name and location, as listed in the Handbook of Early American Sheet Music 1768-1889 by Harry Dichter and Elliott Shapiro (Dover, 1977).

	A song that speaks of sadness and sorrow for the departed. Included in a bound volume of sheet music that once belonged to Nora Gardner, a Tennessee resident.

	This sad song tells of an American Civil War soldier coming home to die with his family. It is included in a bound volume of music that belonged to Miss Nora Gardner, a Tennessee resident. "Nora Lee Gardner from her friend A.B.W." is inscribed in pencil on the top of the cover page.

	Inscribed in pencil on the top right-hand corner of the cover are the words "To Nora from Abeland." This sad song tells of the loss of a loved one. It is included in a bound volume of sheet music that once belonged to Tennessee resident, Miss Nora Gardner.

	This song was inspired by the CSS Alabama, a Confederate ship that roamed the seas capturing, looting and burning Union ships during the Civil War. It is dedicated "To the Gallant Captain Semmes, His Officers, and Crew and to the Officers and Seamen of the C.S. Navy" The line "To death we will defend her; Facing the foe, down, down we'll go, But still cry 'No Surrender!'" is indicative of its demise - its only loss was its last - sunk by the USS Kearsarge.

	This song was sung in the 1865 Irish play "Arrah Na Pogue" by Dion Boucicault and was very popular. It is included in a bound volume of sheet music once owned by Nora Gardner, a Tennessee resident.

	Listed on the front cover as the "Sequel to 'Kingdom Coming.'" The cover depicts six black uniformed men holding rifles with one black uniformed man holding a sword on one white uniformed man, presumably a Confederate soldier, since the song lyrics state in slave dialect that "Dem is only darkeys, Come to jine an' fight for Uncle Sam." "Miss Nora Lee Gardner from a friend A. B. Wall" is inscribed in pencil at the top of the cover. Included in a bound volume of sheet music once belonging to Tennessee resident Miss Nora Gardner.

	General W.H. Lytle, a famous soldier who wrote the popular poem "Anthony and Cleopatra," served in the Union Army during the American Civil War and was killed in the Battle of Chickamauga. In 1864, a year after his death, W. Maynard set his poem to music and it became immensely popular. Included in a bound volume of sheet music belonging to Tennessee resident, Miss Nora Gardner.

	The cover of this piece shows a picturesque water scene where a man stands by the water's edge while a woman walks away with her head bowed. The song tells of the parting of lovers. Inscribed in pencil on the top of the cover are the words "Miss Nora Lee Gardner James Lamb [M?]" Included in a bound volume of sheet music once belonging to Miss Nora Gardner of Tennessee.

	Alternate title listed as "'I'll Sail the Seas Over'" and is included in a bound volume of sheet music once owned by Miss Nora Gardner of Tennessee.

	Under the title reads "Limerick is Beautiful!" over the illustration of a young Irish man with what looks like a baton in one hand and a keg over his shoulder. Included in a bound volume of sheet music once owned by Miss Nora Gardner of Tennessee.

	This ballad is included in a bound volume of sheet music that was owned by Miss Nora Gardner, a Tennessee resident.

	"'Tis the Song of Little Mary, Standing at the bar-room door, While the shameful midnight revel Rages wildly as before." is printed at the top of the first page. Included in a bound volume of sheet music that belonged to Miss Nora Gardner of Tennessee.

	This love song has no publication date listed. However, this piece was published during the span of 1859 through 1868, which has been inferred from the years during which the publisher operated under the specified name and location, as listed in the Handbook of Early American Sheet Music 1768-1889 by Harry Dichter and Elliott Shapiro (Dover, 1977). Included in a bound volume of sheet music that once belonged to Miss Nora Gardner of Tennessee.

	"Mrs. H. Fred W. Smith Columbus, Miss. July 27 1864" is inscribed in pencil along the top of the cover. Included in a bound volume of sheet music owned by Miss Nora Gardner of Tennessee.

	Included in a bound volume of sheet music that once belonged to Miss Nora Gardner of Tennessee. This song prays for the return of a lover.

	This handwritten song is on the reverse side of a piece of sheet music [006303-SMVOL] that is bound in a volume of sheet music once owned by Miss Nora Gardner of Tennessee. There is no author name, but it is dated June 15, 1866.

	"Nora Lee Gardner from M Walden May 1st 1865" is inscribed in pencil along the top of the cover of this mournful song about the death of a son. Included in a bound volume of sheet music that belonged to Miss Nora Gardner of Tennessee.

	Headed "For the Ladies Musical Library" and dedicated to "Mrs. Virginia F. Lyons" this love song uses fairy and other whimsical imagery. Included in a bound volume of sheet music that belonged to Miss Nora Gardner of Tennessee.

	This single sheet of music was published in the Waverley Magazine and Literary Repository. On the reverse side are various articles and advertisements. There is no publication date listed. However, the date of 1864 is inferred from the range of publication dates in the bound volume of sheet music with which it is included. The volume once belonged to Tennessee resident, Miss Nora Gardner.

	A composition for the piano included in a bound volume of sheet music once owned by Tennessee resident Miss Nora Gardner. No publication date is listed. However, this piece was published during the span of 1850 through 1851, which has been inferred from the years during which the publisher operated under the specified name and location, as listed in the Handbook of Early American Sheet Music 1768-1889 by Harry Dichter and Elliott Shapiro (Dover, 1977).

	This piece has a German translation included. A small publication, it has "Compliments of G.A. Bittrolff [amp] Co." printed on the cover, and on the back five advertisements are listed - a photographer, jeweler, dry goods and shoes. No publication date is listed, but as it is included in a bound volume of sheet music that belonged to Miss Nora Gardner of Tennessee that has sheet music from the period of 1860 through 1866, the publication date has been inferred to be 1864.

	This piece of Confederate sheet music has "To Sister Nora from her Bro Will Crawford Miss Nov 14/64" inscribed in pencil along the top of the cover. The cover is an illustration of a Confederate soldier in a proper, pristine uniform holding a gun outfitted with a bayonet. Included in a bound volume of sheet music that was owned by Miss Nora Gardner of Tennessee. This song declares total and unswavering alliegance to the "noble boys who wear the suit of grey!"

	The cover illustration is of a French general, presumably Napoleon III, consoling a weeping royal child, supposedly Austrian Archduke Maximilian. The lyrics are in a Germanic accented English that reflects popular sentiment among Americans over European control, specifically in Mexico at the end of the American Civil War. Makes a reference to Confederate President Jefferson Davis. Included in a bound volume of sheet music once owned by Tennessee resident, Miss Nora Gardner.

	This song tells of growing older waiting for dreams to be realized. "Miss Nora Gardner" is written with a flourish at the top of the cover page. Included in a bound volume of sheet music that belonged to Miss Nora Gardner of Tennessee

	Handwritten lyrics of the song "The Vacant Chair" on the back of a piece of sheet music [006289-SMVOL]. "The Vacant Chair" was written by Henry S. Washburn in 1861. This handwritten copy is signed "'Eloise'" and dated "Enterprise Miss Oct 26th 1864." Included in a bound volume of sheet music that belonged to Tennessee resident, Miss Nora Gardner.

	This piece of Confederate sheet music is a song that celebrates the return of the Southern soldiers. "Nora Lee" "Aberdeen Miss Sep 29/64" is inscribed in pencil in the top left corner of the cover page. Included in a bound volume of sheet music that belonged to Miss Nora Gardner, a resident of Tennessee.

	This piece of Confederate sheet music reflects a longing to return to the South. "To Sister Nora from Bro Will Crawford, Miss. Nov 14/64" is inscribed in pencil on the cover. Included in a bound volume of sheet music once owned by Tennessee resident, Miss Nora Gardner.

	Included in "Songs of the Land of Sunset" and "Miss Nora Lee Gardner from her friend A.B.W. Sunny Side, KY" is inscribed in pencil on the cover. This sad song tells of the loss of a small child and is included in a bound volume of sheet music that belonged to Tennessee resident, Miss Nora Gardner.

	"A Favorite Ethiopian Song [amp] Chorus" is listed on the cover along with the pencil inscriptions "Presented to Nora Lee by Dundard" at the top, and "Nora Lee Gardner Oakland Tennessee" at the bottom. This song written in slave dialect laments the loss of a child who was "stole away." Included in a bound volume of sheet music owned by Miss Nora Gardner of Tennessee.

	"Nora Lee Gardner" is inscribed in pencil on the top of the cover page for this piece that was "Sung by Mr Henri Wharton of the New Orleans English Opera Company." This love song's publication date is illegible. However, this piece was published during the span of 1860 through 1869, which has been inferred from the years during which the publisher operated under the specified name and location, as listed in the Handbook of Early American Sheet Music 1768-1889 by Harry Dichter and Elliott Shapiro (Dover, 1977). Included in a bound volume of sheet music that belonged to Miss Nora Gardner, a Tennessee resident.

	This piece of Confederate sheet music tells of lingering memories of a loved one. The lithograph on the cover was created by J.T. Paterson [amp] Co. in Augusta, Georgia. Included in a bound volume of sheet music owned by Miss Nora Gardner of Tennessee.

	"Prst to Miss Gardner By her Friend" and "Nora L. Gardner Dresden, Tennessee Sep 13th 1863" are written in pencil on the cover, which depicts a battle scene with soldiers praying and weeping over the fallen. This was a very popular song during the American Civil War. It relates a story of how a young drummer was mortally wounded at the Battle of Shiloh. Included in a bound volume of sheet music owned by Miss Nora Gardner of Tennessee.

	"Presented to Miss Nora by Q.V." is inscribed in pencil on the cover of this piece, which has an alternate title of "When This Cruel War is Over." One of the most popular songs during the American Civil War, this song was sung by everyone, including the soldiers in the field. Included in a bound volume of sheet music once owned by Miss Nora Gardner, a Tennessean.

	Dedicated to "All Disconsolate Conscripts," this piece's alternate title is "How Are You, Conscript?" and is a "comic song" that relates how unpopular and unfair the Confederate draft was during the Civil War. "Presented to Miss Lee by Duan[illegible]" is inscribed in pencil on the top of the cover sheet, and after the alternate title are the words "very well I thank you." Included in a bound volume of sheet music owned by Miss Nora Gardner of Tennessee.

	"To Sister Nora, from her Bro Will Crawford, Miss. Nov. 10/64" is incribed in pencil at the top of the cover page of this love song that is included in a bound volume of sheet music once owned by Miss Nora Gardner, a Tennessee resident.

	This song is an attempt at repairing relations between the North and the South following the American Civil War. Yet, the chorus reflects Southern pride when it states "We know that we were rebels, We don't deny the name, We speak of that which we have done, With grief, but not with shame." Interestingly, it is dedicated to "The People of the South." "Miss Nora from 'A Reb'" is inscribed in pencil on the front cover, and on the back page is an advertisement for new sheet music published by D.P. Faulds. This piece is included in a bound volumen of sheet music that was once owned by Tennessee resident, Miss Nora Gardner.

	This piece was copyrighted "in the Clerk's Office of the District Court of the Confederate States of America, for the Eastern District of Virginia" and was composed for the "Fourth N.C. Troops." A rallying battle song for the Confederate troops, it is included in a bound volume of sheet music once owned by Miss Nora Gardner, a Tennessee resident.

	A ballad of finding happiness after a period of great mourning. Inscribed in pencil on the cover page as follows: "Oh y Tears"

	English translation by Dr. Mac Kay

	Photograph of mother and child. On verso side is written: "Charles D. Boyd with mother Hattie Agnes at 704 Payne Ave. Knoxville, Tenn. Location Reservoir Hill or Green School Hill or-"

	Map showing the Freedmen's mission stations of the United Presbyterian Church and illustrations of buildings, faculty, students, and classrooms at Knoville, and school buildings in Chase City and Forfolk, Va., Henderson, N.C., Bristol and Athens, Tenn., Camden and Miller's Ferry, Ala.

	Class photograph of schoolchildren, boys and girls. Undated. School not identified. Teacher: Mr. Brooks. Students: Helen Wade, Luella Harden, Theora Grigsby, Maggie Chambers, Bessie White, Margerette Yardley, Margerette Davis, Fleda Williams, Flora Cobb, Mary Jones, Beulah Harmon, Bessie Settler, Sallie Tate, Sarah Black, Clarence Howard, Charles Boyd, Charles Huddleston, Benjamine Griffits, Ruddie Carmichael, Clarence Adams, Clifford Cambell, Paris McCrary, George, Lamell Henderson, Henry Saffell, Herman Massengill, George Harper, Edison Stewart.

	This photograph shows educated and successful African-American men and women living in the Mid-South long before the doctrine of segregation was officially repudiated. Back row, left to right: Dr. William Valentine, Ms. Hattie A. Boyer, Mrs. Sarah V. Allen, Ms. Mary Valentine, Mrs. Minnie Bronner (wife of Rev. Bronner), and Mrs. Emma V. Sharp. Front row, left to right: Ms. Maggie Valentine (wife of Dr. Valentine), Beunetta Allen and Grace Allen (daughters of Mrs. Sarah V. Allen).

	This photograph is just one of a collection of African-Americans between 1900-1910 and is particularly interesting it shows educated and successful African-American men and women living in the Mid-South long before the doctrine of segregation was officially repudiated. Back row, left to right: Dr. William Valentine and sister, Mrs. Hattie A. Boyer. Front row, left to right: Mary Valentine; Sarah Allen; Emma Sharp; and Minnie Bronner.

	Three photographs taken by Charles Willer of the restored engine LRR #110, which was an engine used by the former Smoky Mountain Railrad Company during the mid 1940's.

	Four photographs of canning demonstration. Text on back of photographs: "Canning demonstration, Ms. T.E. McKays, Williamson County, Tenn. 1911" "Canning dem at Uni of Chattanooga 1911" "Rachel Cook who won the $100.00 prize at national Conservation Exposition Girls from Tenn. Miss. La. and Va. for best all around showing of canned goods and quality and quantity frown on 1 acre plot and Booklet on "How I made my Crop" "Canning demonstration Riverdale School Rally Knox Co., 1913 1st year work"

	Two photographs of Oakland School - one showing the outside with children in front of the building. This caption reads "Oakland School house in one year later, showing .....tions After work of School Improvement Association. Return......Clyde Clarke, Jackson Bldg. Nashville......" The other shows the empty classroom inside the schoolhouse.

	Photograph of Alvin C. York and wife, Grace at their wedding.

	Photograph of Thomas A. Edison and two other people, one of whom is most likely Virginia P. Moore. Undated. Location unspecified.

	Text on reverse of photograph reads: "Prof Hardin of Dr. F. Bradley Co. Summer School Agricultural teacher talking to the Corn Club Boys on July 23, 1913. He stepped behind the boys with his stalk of corn for the picture."

	"Bradley County Corn and Tomato Club Exhibit in Cleveland, Tennessee, November 30, 1912. More than 600 people looked upon it, while more than 100 boys and girls swelled with pride." This photograph comes from the Virginia P. Moore Collection. Ms. Moore, a native Tennessean, began a career as a home demonstration agent in 1909 and subsequently served in various positions related to home economics until 1946. She became internationally known for her work.

	Two photographs entitled "Rural Schools." The pictures are of a school Sideview, Sumner County, Tennessee. The second photograph has a caption at the bottom, reading "Cloak Room of New School. After." On the back of the second photograph is written: "Miss Sallie Churaul(?), Route 6, Gallatin, Tennessee. The pictures come from the Virginia P. Moore collection. Ms. Moore worked in the southern United States doing home demonstration work in the early 20th century.

	A photobook containing captioned pictures of Memphis during the 1912 flood.

	Four sketches for Harper's Weekly. On page 795 is "The President's Welcome to Memphis." On page 796 is "Seen from the Car Window," "Admiring Citizens," and "The Escort at Ashville, North Carolina," which includes a man on horseback carrying a unique flag with a white encircled triangle.

	This Civil War song describes a photograph of three children that was found with a fallen unknown Union soldier at the Battlefield of Gettysburg. An interior page explains the successful search to find the children.

	Song describing Coxey's march on Washington.

	Sheet music from 1868 Presidential campaign, subtitled "Four Songs and Chorus for Republican, Democrat, Prohibition and Populist Parties.

	Sheet music about a Nashville confectionary and ice cream parlor in the early 1900s. Back cover has photos of its interior.

	Sheet music for a song written for Vanderbilt University. The cover has photographs of the composer and the Vanderbilt University Glee Club and Banjo and Mandolin Club.

	Sheet music of a song deriding James K. Polk as a candidate for president, written by a supporter of Henry Clay.

	This is a song book witht a battle song about a Union sergeant. The image on the front has the American flag rather than the Confederate States flag.

	The cover says this song is a comic song that is a sequel to "Here's Your Mule," a famous Civil War song. Published by C. D. Benson of Nashville, TN.

	This is the sheet music of a Civil War era song written and published in the Confederate States of America. The song was composed and dedicated to the "Songs of the South". The cover image shows two flags. The flag on the left is "the flag as it is" and has seven stars representing the seven Southern states which had seceeded from the Union at that point in time. The second flag is "the flag as it will be," and has fifteen stars, each for a state the composer anticipated would join the Confederacy. Eventually, eleven states joined, not the fifteen Huber expected. A later version of this song has eleven stars on the "flag as it is," indicating that version was published after the attack on Fort Sumter, South Carolina. Additional publishers include Jas. A. McClure of Nashville and Memphis and Blackmar [amp] Bro. of Vicksburg and New Orleans. The back page is a report of the committee for the adoption of a CSA flag.

	Sheet music of a Civil War era song written and published in the Confederate States of America. The song was composed and dedicated to the "Songs of the South". The "flag as it is" in this version now has 11 stars, rather than the 7 of the first version. Kentucky and Tennessee Join Hands. Huber is the composer, Lyle is the lyricist, and additional publishers include A.E. Blackmar and Bro. in Vicksburg and New Orleanes, J.H. Snow in Mobile, AL, and P.P. Werlein and Halsey in New Orleans.

	On the front cover is a picture of Sherman, slaves greeting Union troops, Sherman in battle, and soldiers tearing up railroad tracks. This song was written and composed by two Union lieutenants while they were imprisoned in Columbia, SC during the civil war Original copyright was 1865 . The back page is an ad for other songs and has an 1889 copyright, indicating that this was actually published in 1889 or later. Additional publishers are listed on the bottom of the front cover.

	Two photographs show the bent hickory tree that is rooted at both ends. One includes the mess hall in the background and two shirtless C.C.C. workers sitting upon the tree. Included with these photographs is a letter and envelope from Ripley's Believe It or Not, which states that this item will be depicted in the Believe It or Not cartoons on about November 14, 1935. The address on the envelope shows that Howell was at C.C.C. Camp 3464, Cumberland Homesteads, in Crossville, Tennessee.

	This is a yearbook of the Company 3468, TENN. TVA-36 in District C of the Civilian Conservation Corps. The front part of the yearbook is the same as in other yearbooks of the District, but the back pages contain photos and information pertaining to this particular company. There are images of District C company projects such as a model home constructed by TVA-44 in Lawrenceburg, Tennessee. A short company history accompanies group photographs of the C.C.C. workers and officers. There are also several photographs of the camp itself, as well as activities of the C.C.C. enrollees, including woodworking and arithmetic classes, dances, and photos of "camp characters" like the Best Sport, Best Worker, Best Athlete, Most Popular and Chow Hound.

	This is a yearbook of the Company 420, Tenn. SP-12 in District C of the Civilian Conservation Corps in Bristol, Tennessee. This selection from the yearbook only contains the pages which directly pertain to Company 420. There is a history of Company 420, as well as photographs of of the camp facilities and activities, including the mess hall, woodworking shop, canteen, recreation hall and basketball team. There are pictures of the company officers and enrollees. Work projects featured include working on roads, stripping limestone, stone masonry, surveying and equipment maintenance. Another yearbook in this collection, that of Company 3468, TENN. TVA-36, contains additional duplicate pages.

	DeWitt Clinton Arnold, known as the "father of the graded school system in Cleveland, Tennessee" began the Cleveland City School system in 1885.

	Cleveland National Bank was chartered in 1866, being the third bank in Tennessee to receive a national bank charter. The building was designed by a brother of J.E. Raht who was a stockholder in the bank. The building was remodeled in 1908, 1953, and 1969.

	Twenty nine students pose for a class picture with their male teacher. The students are approximately eleven to thirteen years old. The students are identified on the back of the photograph. Top Row: Heber McCoy, Mack Greene, J.L. Curtis, J.R. Bradford, Garland Cartwright, Carl Ledford, Paul Bacon, Ivan Shields Middle Row: Gertrude McGowne, Wilma McKenzie, Sylvia Hampton, Elva Bell, Billy Phillips, Roszell Grice, Ona Bells Campbell, Helen Watkins, Evelyn Ratcliffe, Dorthy Richey, Wilma Harmon Bottom Row: P.D. Harmon, Lillard Clayton, Eugene Winstead, Chester Phillips, Hull Kerr, Herman Ratcliff, J.H. McConnell, Myrtle Dooley, Edna Winstead and Mr. J.A. Mowery-Teacher.

	Oak Grove Academy began admitting female students in 1848. Verso side of photograph reads: A Mr. Burkett - Teacher of Oak Grove Academy when the school closed in 1865. Oak Grove Male Academy in Cleveland, Tennessee was the first chartered institution of learning (1837) in the Ocoee District territory which was purchased by the United States from the Cherokee Indians.

	A chemistry class photo taken in 1910 at Centenary Female College, Cleveland, Tennessee. List of names on back of photograph: Maggie Turner, Webb, Mississippi; May E. Davis, Pleasant Grove, Florida; Jennie Lambert, Rural Retreat, Virginia; Mary Lou Hall, Waynesville, North Carolina; Nannie Robinson, Lookout, Tennessee; Mrs. Humphries, Centenary Female College; Maud Stewart, Jasper, Tennessee; Isabelle Zelrouer, Florida; Mary Stewart, Cleveland, Tennessee; Velma Hall, Coffeeville, Mississippi; Emma Swift, Minuto City, Mississippi; Ethel Rose, Hope, Arkansas; Fannie Arrants, Decatur, Tennessee; Aleck Arrants, Decatur, Tennessee; Mae Coffey, Stevenson, Alabama; Coulter Aiken, Cleveland, Tennessee; Mabel Armstrong, Coffeeville, Mississippi; Floye McClerk, Dyersburg, Tennessee, and the first name of another student, Jessie, whose surname is unreadable except for the first letter E, is written along the side of the list.

	Verso side of photograph: "Centenary Female College, Cleveland, Tennessee. Graduation class about 1896. The girls are on marble steps which were removed in 1907." The photographer signed his name, J.S. Hancock, in the lower left-hand corner. The date recorded, May 1963, is when his collection was donated to the Cleveland Public Library.

	These pictures offer a panoramic view of Centenary College in Cleveland, Tennessee. On the back of the first image is a drawing and description of a wedding dress as follows. The second best dress was light gray with train trimmed light blue frail velvet, was very elaborate... 2 Beaver hats with bloomes/white/black. Traveling dress was navy blue coat suit with train. Neglige red with train with blue velvet house shoes. Evening slipper black with black beads. Mrs. Edd Royal made this dress... udining table... in the center of a cut glass mirror with a vace on a lace cloth. It was very beautiful. Note the spelling on the words bloomes [blooms], negligee [negligee]and vace [vase]. The Lord is my Shepherd and I am the Truth and life is also written on the back of this photograph.

	Mrs. Augusta Osment lived here at the time this photograph was taken. The Italian villa home was originally built for P.M. Craigmiles in 1866 and is now listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The Johnston family donated the home to the city to house the public library in 1923.

	Verso side of the photo reads M. C. Kirkpatrick, Cleveland, Tennessee, World War I. Now 85 years old. Photo courtesy of Stanfield Studio.

	This postcard was never mailed. The side meant for correspondence and address reads Hall Hain, son of George Hain and Fannie Hall Hain. In WWI uniform.

	T. E. Clayton and Cagle Sarne appear in this photograph in their World War I uniforms. From the writing on the back of the card, it appears to be taken in Germany, possibly in the city of Jever.

	Captain Joseph N.B. Lusk appears in this photograph taken during the Civil War. The writing on the back of the picture indicates that he was Captain Lieutenant in the First Tennessee Union Calvary.

	This photograph was taken shortly before the Bradley County Courthouse was demolished in 1963. The courthouse was built in 1892.

	This photograph was taken shortly after the Bradley County Courthouse was built in 1892. According to the note on the back of the picture, the photograph was taken in 1894. Caption on back states Ball on court house is 105 feet from ground leavel [level]. It was in the possession of John Stile Hancock, May 1, 1963.

	James Stile Hancock took this photograph in 1963 as the Bradley County Courthouse in Tennessee was being torn down. It is dated June 1, 1963.

	Seven female basketball players from Hiwassee College in Madisonville, Tennessee, pose in front of a building. The two girls on the left and right of the back row are holding a Hiwassee pennant. Verso side reads Before 1920, Hiwassee College, Madisionville, Tenn. Ruby Musser is identified as the player standing on the right in the back row of the photograph.

	This group of three photographs from Charleston High School in Bradley County, Tennessee document "Industrial Arts" at the high school. The photographs include woodworking and furniture, crafts, and model airplanes. According to the back of one photograph, the model airplanes were made by male students to help in identifying enemy aircraft

	Isaac Day moved into present-day Bradley County, Tennessee, in 1835 with his wife and two children and settled in Walker's Valley. He was a financial success in land holdings and finances, and he held stock in the East Tennessee and Georgia Railroad. He was elected chairman of the first Quarterly County Court in Bradley County, served as an appraiser of Indian improvements for the federal government, and helped to organize school and churches in the county. The verso side of the picture says that he lived from 1804 - 1872.

	Roy W. Kirsey of the Cleveland Police Department stands with his police vehicle at 407 King Edward Avenue in Cleveland, Tennessee, in 1971.

	Verso side of photograph reads Prospecting for magnesium on Hambright farm. The picture was most likely taken in Bradley County.

	Verso side of the photograph reads Charles Thomas Parker, 1918-1997, Charleston Police Chief.

	Verso side of photograph reads James W. Parris, President of the Cleveland-Bradley County NAACP.

	J.S. Roberts, Clerk of the Bradley County Court and owner of a mercantile store in the courthouse square in Cleveland, Tennessee.

	Names recorded on the reverse side of the photograph include Will J. Hoskins, Sam L. Byrd, Tom McKamy, and N. T. Hall, who may be Ney Tucker Hall. Ney Tucker Hall was born in Bradley County in 1863.

	Employees of Cleveland National Bank in Cleveland, Tennessee, stand outside in front of the bank. Pictured in the first photograph, from left to right: Josiah Emmett Johnston (b. June 28, 1860 - d. November 21, 1936), President of Cleveland National Bank (1899-1936), and Cleveland Bank and Trust Co.; Mae Beard; Frank J. Harle (b. April 21, 1873 - d. October 14, 1940), cashier of Cleveland National Bank and Cleveland Bank and Trust Co.; F. Elizabeth Shedden (b. November 27, 1881 - d. August 23, 1968); Sallie Hawkins; Mrs. Wilson Lissie Pierce; unknown; William Phillp Lang (b. September 5, 1866 - d. August 6, 1941), Vice President of Cleveland National Bank; and (kneeling) Reuben Sheeler (b. February 14, 1861 - d. November 21, 1943). The star in window acknowledges the military sevice of Charles L. Wilson (b. March 16, 1891 - d. March 29, 1969) AEF.

	Seven pictures taken on the celebration of Armistice Day in Cleveland, Tennessee. The photographs include shots of the bandstand, street parades, and named individuals including Dr. T.E.P. Chambers, Pledger Sullivan (saluting), and Mrs. Harvie Knox.

	A uniformed nurse during World War II stands in front of a building. The verso side of the photograph reads Joe Stuart, Oct. '45 24.

	Top Row Ens. Carlson, Bennett, Hill, Griffice, Peterson, Elin, Hale. Middle Row, Fuller, Ingram, Krieger, Gulik, Priest. Bottom Row Futch, Cochran, Glavan, Ladnier, and me. This is my section. The ones underlined are in my crew [Ingram, Glavan, Ladnier].

	Lists on the cover that it is a "Descriptive Fantasie on the Battles of Chattanooga, Lookout Mountain and Missionary Ridge." The heading of the first part of the composition is "First Day's Battle" and subsequent smaller headings include "Orders for an Advance," "Band in the Distance," and "Troops Marching out of Camp."

	This composition's full title includes the dates of the battles as November 23d, 24th and 25, 1863 and is "Respectfully dedicated to the Commands of the Keystone State who participated in the Battle: Geary, Murphy, Bushback and McAloon. The back cover has a long poem titled "Chattanooga, Lookout Mountain and Misson Ridge" written by Miss Mary F. Cullen describing the battles and ending with expressions of hope for the future.

	This piano forte was "respectfully dedicated to the Philadelphia Volunteers" who may have been a part of the American forces that traveled to the area around the Rio Grande River that America wanted to claim from Mexico during the presidency of James K. Polk.

	A piano forte quickstep musical composition relating to the expansionism ideals during James K. Polk's presidency. Cerro Gordo is a city in California, which aquired along with New Mexico and California by America after the Mexican War.

	This piano forte composition is supposed to be a duplication of the march "As played by the Bands of the Mexican Army On the field of Buena Vista, the night previous to the battle." "NB. This beautiful air was brought on by some Kentucky Volunteers having heard it played by the Mexican Bands at Buena Vista while on sentry duty."

	A collection of popular operatic airs arranged as solos and duets for the flute and violin. Contains: A Waltz in the Brewer of Preston (004898-CPMLG)/Adam, Osbourn, arr.; Hand Bell Waltz (004899-CPMLG)/Paganini, Osbourn, arr.; Tu Che a Dio (004900-CPMLG)/Donizetti, Osbourn, arr.; On to the Field of Glory (004901-CPM-LG)/Osbourn, arr.; Monterey Gallopade (004902-CPMLG)/Osbourne; It Was Not My Own Native Land (004902-CPMLG)/Brough, W.F., Osbourn, arr.; When Starts Are in the Quiet Skies (004904-CPMLG)/Carusi, Osbourn, arr.; The Lisping Lover (004905-CPMLG)/Blewet, J., Osbourn, arr.; A Wet Sheet and a Flowing Sea (004906-CPMLG)/Walton, Osbourn, arr.144. The Monterey Gallopade arrangement is significant because it is a musical expression of the spirit of American expansionism fueled by President James K. Polk.

	This is a "Grand March and Quickstep composed by Mr Brain for the Wreath." The 1829 date is on the last page of the sheet music booklet, but may not refer to the date of publication.

	This is a Grand March composed for the Piano Forte in homage to President Jackson "As Performed at the Chesnut Theatre."

	The full title of this composition is "President Jackson's March, For ONe or Two Performers." This piece of sheet music is found in a small volume of compiled music owned by a person who lived in Murfreesboro, Tennessee.

	A composition by C. D. Benson of a schottisch that has been identified as a Confederate imprint by Hoogerwerf and/or Harwell.

	A grand march transcribed for the piano forte by C.H. Levering. This song was written the same year that General William S. Rosecrans fought at the Battle of Stones River in Murfreesboro, Tennessee (December 31, 1862 - January 2, 1863).

	This composition has a cover illustration of Stonewall Jackson on a horse, and is "Dedicated To The United Confederate Veterans."

	A grand march for the Confederate General Johnston, whose name was misspelled in the title, and was "respectfully inscribed to the General and his Gallant Army."

	This piece of sheet music is part of a bound volume of music that belonged to Nora Gardner. This particular piece of sheet music has a color portrait of a young woman on the cover and is dedicated "To the Cadets of the Western Military Institute." Inside are seven arrangements of reels, including: No. 1 Molly Gardner (006156-SMVOL); No. 2 Lizzie Nichol (006157-SMVOL); No. 3 Annie Hayse (006158-SMVOL); No. 4 Gurty Bosley (006159-SMVOL); No. 5 Zuleka Bugg (006160-SMVOL); No. 6 Fanny Parke (006161-SMVOL); No. 7 Mobile (006162-SMVOL).

	This piece of sheet music is included in a bound volume that belonged to Tennessee resident, Miss Nora Gardner. Under the title on the cover page is the quotation "With Mortar, Paixhan and Petard, We send Old Abe our BEAU-REGARD."

	This piece of sheet music is included in a bound volume once owned by Miss Nora Gardner, a Tennessee resident. An inscription in pencil on the outer cover of this piece reads "Nora E. Garner Female College Columbia Tenn Dec 12th 1861." This piano forte was "Respectfully Dedicated To Miss Sarah Montgomery and Mary M. Johnston."

	This piece of sheet music is included in a bound volume once owned by Miss Nora Gardner, a resident of Tennessee. Above the title on the cover reads an printed inscription "To Madame Eliza N. CHurch, Columbia, Tenn." as well as an inscription handwritten in pencil at the top that reads "To Nora from Laura Jan 1863." There is no publication date. However, this piece was published during the span of 1858 through 1876, which has been inferred from the years during which the publisher operated under the specified name and location, as listed in the Handbook of Early American Sheet Music 1768-1889 by Harry Dichter and Elliott Shapiro (Dover, 1977).

	This single piece of sheet music is included in a bound volume that once belonged to Miss Nora Gardner, a Tennessee resident. This instrumental is for the fife and drum, presumably used by soldiers for marching music. There is no creation or publication date. However, this piece was published during the span of 1846 through 1907, which has been inferred from the years during which the publisher operated under the specified name and location, as listed in the Handbook of Early American Sheet Music 1768-1889 by Harry Dichter and Elliott Shapiro (Dover, 1977).

	This piece is included in a bound volume that once belonged to Tennessee resident, Miss Nora Gardner. In fact, her name ("Nora Gardner") is inscribed in pencil on the cover page of this particular piece of music. The last page of the piece is a manuscript page that is labeled with the number 006188-SMVOL. Although the plate number for this last page indicates that it should be p. 5 of "Turkish Galop," it appears to be musically unrelated to that piece. This, plus the fact that the original owner saw the need to furnish a replacement for "Turkish Galop" in holograph, suggests a publisher's error.

	This piece of sheet music dedicated "To Miss Annie De Barry" was part of the "Spring Blossoms for the Piano" and is included in a bound volume of sheet music once owned by Tennessee resident, Miss Nora Gardner.

	This holograph musical composition is included in a bound volume of sheet music that once belonged to Miss Nora Gardner, a resident of Tennessee. This piece is on two sheets of manuscript paper. The first sheet, cataloged as 006196-SMVOL, has the composer's name, J. Lamb, in pencil in upper right corner and is the melody. The melody is apparantly to be performed with the following sheet, indicated as the bass part and cataloged as 006197-SMVOL. The second sheet, composed by J.R. Adam, has a dedication to "The young ladies of the Tenn. fem. College."

	This piece of sheet music is included in a bound volume that once belonged to Tennessee resident, Miss Nora Gardner. The front cover of this piece has the title "Roses Without Thorns A Collection of Favorite Polkas, Schottisches, [amp]c." In the upper right corner, an inscription written in pencil reads "Nora Lee Gardner Columbia Tenn Feb 12th 1863."

	This piece of sheet music is included in a bound volume once owned by Miss Nora Gardner, a resident of Tennessee. This particular piece is a piano march and is dedicated to "the Hon. J. Alfred Pearce. Maryland." and has on the cover a lithograph by A. Hoen [amp] Co. of an eagle holding a fireball in one talon and what could be interpreted as Lady Liberty holding a silver chalise surrounded by flowering vines. In the upper right corner of the cover is a pencil inscription that reads "Nora E. Gardner Columbia Tenn."

	This piece of sheet music is included in a bound volume that once belonged to Tennessee resident, Miss Nora Gardner. The cover of this piece has a dedication to "Charles H. Foxwell, Esq." and is entitled "The Signal Set Brilliant Variations." An inscription written in pencil in the upper right corner of the cover reads "Nora Gardner Sept 16th/61."

	This piece of sheet music is included in a bound volume once owned by Miss Nora Gardner, a Tennessee resident. The front cover has a lithograph of cats dancing in pairs with the words "Willie" and "Nora" written in pencil below the center couple. In the upper right corner of the cover reads "Nora Lee Gardner Female College Columbia Tn. Nov 18.61."

	This piece of sheet music is included in a bound volume that once belonged to Miss Nora Gardner, a Tennessee resident. A lithograph of a domed building toped with the American flag is on the cover. In the right upper corner is an inscription written in pencil that reads "Nora E. Gardner Columbia Female College Columbia Tenn."

	This piece of sheet music is included in a bound volume that once belonged to Tennessee resident, Miss Nora Gardner. This particular piece was printed on the same page as "Over the Water to Charle." There is no publication date. However, it was most likely published during the range of 1848-1855, which has been inferred from the years during which the publisher operated under the specified name and location, as listed in the Handbook of Early American Sheet Music 1768-1889 by Harry Dichter and Elliott Shapiro (Dover, 1977).

	This piece of sheet music is included in a bound volume that once belonged to Miss Nora Gardner, a Tennessee resident. This piece was published on the same page as "Oh, Dear, What Can The Matter Be." There is no publication date. However, this piece was most likely published during the years of 1848-1855, which has been inferred from the years during which the publisher operated under the specified name and location, as listed in the Handbook of Early American Sheet Music 1768-1889 by Harry Dichter and Elliott Shapiro (Dover, 1977).

	This piece of sheet music is included in a bound volume that once belonged to Miss Nora Gardner, a Tennesee resident. This particular piece is a compilation of "Virginia Reels" and includes the following compositions: "Old Virginia" (006210-SMVOL), "Richmond Hill" (006211-SMVOL), "Villalave" (006212-SMVOL), "Petersburg Ladies" (006213-SMVOL), "The Hero" (006214-SMVOL), "Peter Francisco" (006215-SMVOL), "22d. of February" (006216-SMVOL), "The Island" (006217-SMVOL), and "The Richmond Blues" (006218-SMVOL). The cover page is "Dedicated to Thomas Ritchie Esq. of Washington City." There is no publication date listed. However, it was most likely published in the years 1851 to 1852, inferred from Goertzen and Jabbour, American Music 5 (1987).

	This piece of sheet music is included in a bound volume that belonged to Tennessee resident, Miss Nora Gardner. This piece was printed with another composition entitled "Minuet." There is no publication date. However, the piece was published during the span of 1848 through 1855, which has been inferred from the years during which the publisher operated under the specified name and location, as listed in the Handbook of Early American Sheet Music 1768-1889 by Harry Dichter and Elliott Shapiro (Dover, 1977).

	This piece of sheet music is included in a bound volume that belonged to Tennessee resident, Miss Nora Gardner. This piece was printed with another composition entitled "Fishers Hornpipe." There is no publication date. However, the piece was published during the span of 1848 through 1855, which has been inferred from the years during which the publisher operated under the specified name and location, as listed in the Handbook of Early American Sheet Music 1768-1889 by Harry Dichter and Elliott Shapiro (Dover, 1977).

	This piece of sheet music is included in a bound volume that once belonged to Tennessee resident, Miss Nora Gardner. This piece is dedicated "To The Pupils of the Leavensworth Female Seminary Petersburg, Va." At the top right corner of the cover is an inscription written in pencil that reads "Nora Gardner Columbia Female College."

	Included in a bound volume of sheet music that once belonged to Tennessee resident, Miss Nora Gardner that has the words "Nora L. Gardner Nashville, Tenn August/60" written in pencil in the upper part of the cover sheet.

	Included in a bound volume of sheet music that once belonged to Tennessee resident, Miss Nora Gardner, this piece has an inscription written in pencil on the cover that reads "To Nora from Sis Eugenia." The lithograph on the cover is of a fancily dressed young woman holding a rolled up piece of sheet music.

	Included in a bound volume of sheet music once owned by Tennessee resident, Miss Nora Gardner, this particular piece is part of a compilation entitled "Short Visits. A Collection of Beautiful Pieces arranged in an easy styule for the Piano," and is listed as number 12. On the same page, the words "Nora L. Gardner Columbia, Tenn Jan 1st 1862" are written in pencil in the top right-hand corner. On the last page there is an advertisement for a new publication from Charles Grobe.

	This piece is included in a bound volume of sheet music once owned by Miss Nora Gardner, who was a resident of Tennessee. This polka composed for the piano has a cover page that lists it as a part of a compilation of music by the same composer entitled "Dew Drops," third edition. In the top right corner are the words "Nora E. Gardner Columbia, Tenn Dec 8th/60" written in pencil.

	The cover page of this piano gallop has a drawing of a mule on it with a pencil inscription that reads "Nora Lee Gardner Dresden, Tenn Write to me dear one Dollie [Graves?] Columbia, Tenn Jan 6th 1863," as well as these words after the title "My Dear Nora never to be lost again." This piece is included in a bound volume of sheet music owned by Miss Nora Gardner.

	This schottisch was one of a compilation of pieces entitled "Short Visits. A Collection of Beautiful Pieces Arranged in an Easy Style for the Piano" with the quotation under it that reads "Never pay long vistis, even to an intimate friend. For he will then wish you to come again." On the last page is an advertisement for new publication by the same composer. Inscribed in pencil on the front cover are the words "Nora Gardner Billie D." This piece is part of a bound volume that once belonged to Miss Nora Gardner, who was a resident of Tennessee.

	This composition for the piano was printed on the same page with "The Morning Star" and was published during the span of 1848 through 1855, which has been inferred from the years during which the publisher operated under the specified name and location, as listed in the Handbook of Early American Sheet Music 1768-1889 by Harry Dichter and Elliott Shapiro (Dover, 1977). The inscription at the top of the page reads "Nora E. Gardner, D. [Dresden] F. [Female] Academy," and is part of a bound volume of sheet music once owned by Miss Nora Gardner, a Tennessee resident.

	This composition for the piano was printed on the same page with "Hob Nob or The Campbells are Comin" and was published during the span of 1848 through 1855, which has been inferred from the years during which the publisher operated under the specified name and location, as listed in the Handbook of Early American Sheet Music 1768-1889 by Harry Dichter and Elliott Shapiro (Dover, 1977). The inscription at the top of the page reads "Nora E. Gardner, D. [Dresden] F. [Female] Academy," and is part of a bound volume of sheet music once owned by Miss Nora Gardner, a Tennessee resident.

	This piece has a beautiful color illustration of a water scene on the cover. Inscribed on the cover: "Presented to Nora by her dear [ ] Laura Belle the day school broke up, Feb. 17th, 1862." No publication date is listed. However, this piece was published during the span of 1856 through 1862, which has been inferred from the years during which the publisher operated under the specified name and location, as listed in the Handbook of Early American Sheet Music 1768-1889 by Harry Dichter and Elliott Shapiro (Dover, 1977). This composition is part of a bound volume of sheet music that once belonged to Miss Nora Gardner, who was a Tennessee resident.

	This schottisch is part of a complilation entitled "Short Visits A Collection of Beautiful Pieces arranged in an easy style for the Piano" and numbered 2. An inscription at the top of the cover page reads "Nora E Gardner Columbia Tenn." As indicated, this piece is included in a bound volume of sheet music owned by Miss Nora Gardner, who lived in Tennessee.

	The drawing on the cover of this piece is of General Beauregard on his horse leading his troops. At the top right is an inscription that reads "Nora Gardner." This piece is part of a bound volume that once belonged to Miss Nora Gardner of Tennessee.

	This piece has a lithograph on the cover of a kneeling, finely dressed young woman with her hands folded as if in prayer. Inscribed on the cover is "Presented to NOra E. Gardner by Eliza Gooding, 'My Sorority,' Columbia, Sep. 1, 1861." There is no date of publication; however, the date of 1860 was inferred from another piece of sheet music in the same bound volume belonging to Miss Nora Gardner of Tennessee.

	This piece was part of a collection entitled "Mocking Bird Echoes" that is included in a bound volume of sheet music once owned by Miss Nora Gardner, a Tennessee resident. The front cover has a pencil inscription that reads "Compliments of J.A. Arrington" and the back page is an advertisement for songbooks by the publisher Lee [amp] Walker.

	This piece is included in a bound volume of sheet music that was once owned by Miss Nora Gardner, a Tennessee resident. An inscription in pencil on the front cover reads "From my St. Louis friend Mr. "Bird" Doziss Sept. 22nd 1866."

	This piece is included in a volume of bound sheet music once owned by Miss Nora Gardner, a Tennessee resident. A pencil inscription of her name is at the top of the front cover.

	The cover of this piece is inscribed in pencil at the top "Chick" and is dedicated to Miss Leonora Bowman. Included in a bound volume of sheet music once owned by Tennessee resident, Miss Nora Gardner.

	On the front cover at the top of the page, there is a pencil inscription reading "Miss Nora Lee Gardner Dresden Tenn." The grandly illustrated cover depicts a Victorian scene of a lady in a castle bidding farewell to a well-dressed man on a horse. Included in a bound volume of sheet music once belonging to Miss Nora Gardner.

	The front cover of this piece has a detailed drawing in gold of what seems to be turtledoves by Chamberlin Cin. Included in a bound volume of sheet music that once belonged to Miss Nora Roberts, a resident of Tennessee.

	This piece has under its title "Grand Valse de Concert" on the cover and on the first page. At the top of the cover sheet reads "Miss Nora Lee Gardner from her friend A. B. W." inscribed in pencil. Included in a bound volume of sheet music that belonged to Tennessee resident, Miss Nora Gardner.

	This short composition is entitled "The Celebrated Empress Henrietta's Waltz" and is included in a bound volume of sheet music once belonging to Miss Nora Gardner, a Tennessee resident. There is no printed publication date. However, this piece was published during the span of 1851 through 1854, which has been inferred from the years during which the publisher operated under the specified name and location, as listed in the Handbook of Early American Sheet Music 1768-1889 by Harry Dichter and Elliott Shapiro (Dover, 1977).

	The cover of this piece reads "Hitchcock's Half Dime Series of Music for the Million. On the back cover is an advertisement for a "New Monthly Magazine." Included in a bound volume of sheet music that belonged to Tennessee resident, Miss Nora Gardner.

	This polka was dedicated to "Misses Bettie and Lottie Behrens," and is included in a bound volume of sheet music that once belonged to Miss Nora Gardner, a Tennessee resident.

	This schottische is included in a bound volume of sheet music that belonged to Tennessee resident, Miss Nora Gardner.

	This piece of Confederate sheet music is an homage to Georgia Governor Joseph E. Brown, who served in that capacity from 1857 through 1865. "To my Sister Nora from her Brother Will," "Crawford, Miss. Nov. 10/64" and "Gov. Brown of Georgia" are inscribed in pencil along the bottom of the cover, which has a lithograph of Gov. Brown. It is included in a bound volume of sheet music once wned by Tennessee resident, Miss Nora Gardner.

	Part of "Bouquet de Melodies" this composition has "Nora Lee Gardner from - - -," and "May 2nd 1865" inscribed in pencil along the top of the cover. No publication date is listed. However, this piece was published during the span of 1859 through 1870, which has been inferred from the years during which the publisher operated under the specified name and location, as listed in the Handbook of Early American Sheet Music 1768-1889 by Harry Dichter and Elliott Shapiro (Dover, 1977). Included in a bound volume of sheet music once owned by Tennessee resident, Miss Nora Gardner.

	This piece of Confederate sheet music has "To Sister Nora from her Bro Will Crawford Miss Nov 14/64" inscribed in pencil along the top of the cover. Included in a bound volume of sheet music that was owned by Miss Nora Gardner of Tennessee.

	This waltz is included in a bound volume of sheet music once owned by Miss Nora Gardner of Tennessee.

	"Nora Lee Gardner Louisville KY June 1865" is inscribed in pencil at the top of the cover page. Included in a bound volume of sheet music once owned by Miss Nora Gardner of Tennessee.

	This composition is included in a bound volume of sheet music once owned by Miss Nora Gardner of Tennessee. No publication date is listed. However, this piece was published during the span of 1856 through 1860, which has been inferred from the years during which the publisher operated under the specified name and location, as listed in the Handbook of Early American Sheet Music 1768-1889 by Harry Dichter and Elliott Shapiro (Dover, 1977).

	2 tifs. A cut of wood used as a three-dimensional postcard. The featured image is a photograph that depicts the railroad, river and two homes. The scene is highlighted with bright green paint on the edge of the wood. The verso reads "Kinzel Springs Tenn./ Our best Wishes on Aug. 9th to you. Always - O'Ledia/ Hope you are well./Mrs. EJ. Kinzel Pensacola, Fla./ Box 190/ R.W. #1-". It has a faded postmark and was sent on a red two cent stamp and a green one cent stamp.

	3 tifs. Three scrip from Blount county, the first reads "Blount County Scrip--By Authority of law/ No. 2377/ The County of Blount/ Will pay Five Cents to bearer/ Maryville, Tenn., Jan. 6, 1862/ Will [unreadable], Chairman/ Receivable in Payment of County Taxes/ Haws and Dunkerly, Prs. Knoxville." On the left of the first scrip, Diana is drawn in hunting garb looking out to the horizon. At the center a St. Bernard holds a large key and sits next to a large safe on his left, and a child holding a caduceus. On the right of the scrip a deer leaps in the forest, away from Diana's gaze. The second scrip is a darker color, and contains much of the same text, including the same issuing signature, but is more text based, with the only image on the scrip being a train that runs across the top. This scrip was printed on December 16, 1862 and is for two dollars. The third scrip is also for two dollars, but was issued on January 6, 1862, and is mostly graphic--a woman sits with an eagle on a shield and holds a spear. The center of the image contains a large boat in the water, and again on the left a deer evades the spear of the more modern Diana. The more illustrated scrip were produced prior to Civil War battles in Tennessee, and the more simple scrip was produced after fighting had broken out in North and West Tennessee.

	2 tifs. A group of young women are photographed sitting on a downed tree in front of a river and a knitting mill. The clothing the women wore was popular around the turn of the twentieth century. Verso reads "Old knitting mill in background/ where Viaduct now is/ Bert Gamble. highest/ Pearl Tedford/ Bernice Lowery/ Mary Clemens - last."

	3 tifs. Two images of classes of Maryville Polytechnic School. The first image is of the primary school students, and the second is of all the girls in the school from elementary through high school. The Maryville school system was established in 1900, with schools constructed in 1911. The Maryville Polytechnic school operated out of the Freedman's institute, and the building was demolished in 1938. The students are dressed in school uniforms consisting of white shirts, ties and plaid pants or skirts. The verso of the image reads "Girls of Maryville Polytechnic School -- Elementary through High School. Headed by Prof. and Mrs. Charles William Henry/ Martha Henry daughter/ 3rd row, 3rd from right edge/ YW@a 7 1/2 x 2 1/2/ 133 cap/ 767."

	2 tifs. A framed image of horse pulling carts in a ditch as a part of the creation of a turnpike in Hamblen county, near Morristown, Tennessee. Power lines run in the background. The verso reads "J.E. French - Turnpike Conrtractor 1910. Was working on this job when James was born 10-13-1910. Seated in the buggy with James "Edwin" Marshall French is his partner Reps James Dickson (also his brother-in-law). The job was located in Hamblin Co., outside of Morristown, Tennessee. (We rented a home from a man known as "Bud" Wolf who was in the fur business. He bought hides from trappers--He had a daughter named Ethel and son named Lester.) George Boles, Foreman. Lawrence Burchfield was another employee. Dave Jones operated the road-roller."

	2 tifs. A portrait of the 1920 Girls Basketball team of the Maryville Polytechnic School which pictures the team in uniforms of half-sleeved sailor shirts, tights, tennis shoes and skirt/shorts. The verso reads "Martha. Maryville Polytechnic School Girls 1920 Basketball team. Back row: Hester Massey, Georgia Sturgeon, Jeanette Sturgeon, Nevada Butler, Mattie Tedford, Sara Ford. Front Row: Irene Thorp, Martha Henry, Dorothy Cochran. 14 years old." Maryville Polytechnic School was a part of the Maryville school system which was founded in 1900.

	2 tifs. A portrait of the 1913 girls' basketball team from Maryville Polytechnic School. Six girls stand in front of the school, behind their coach who sits with a basketball in front. The team is dressed in sailor type shirts, scarves, skirt/shorts and tights. The front caption reads "Lottie Cook--Stella Henry--E. Davies--K. Corwell--Flora Lowe--P. Browning." The verso reads "Ball Team/ [listing of names crossed out] Lottie Cook/ Stella Henry/ Emma Davis/ Kita Carwell/ Roe Smith/ Pearl Browning/ Earl Crawford--Coach." The Maryville School system was started in 1900.

	6 tifs. A collection of images related to the Maryville Polytechnic School, which was a part of the Maryville School system, started in 1900. First image: A photograph of the main building of the Maryville Polytechnic School. The school was demolished in the late 1930s and the site was used for the current Maryville High School. The building is in the Beaux-Arts style, with a central bell tower. Second: A portrait of the Maryville Polytechnic Football Squad for 1917, which appears to have been printed for circulation. The team of eighteen are seated with their arms crossed, wearing their uniforms which displayed their number on the chest. The caption below the image reads "These boys won the East Tennessee Championship last year. They played nine games, lost one, tied one, and won seven, Polytechnic made 161 points, their opponents made 25 points. The Basket Ball Team of Polytechnic tied with Knoxville High School for the East Tennessee Championship in Basket Ball, this year. They played ten games and won nine of them. Polytechnic points 352, opponents points 171. The Girls Basket Ball Team of Polytechnic also lost only one game." Third: A photograph of six male and female students sitting at a long desk and practicing typing skills. The students have cloth swags covering their shoulders that prevented them from seeing the keys as they typed. The students are most likely in their teens. Fourth: Back of the image reading "Aunt Emma's Davis typing class at Polytechnic School. Note the cloth swags covering the typewriters so they coudl not see the keys." Fifth: Eighteen members of the Maryville Polytechnic School band stand staggered in the school's front lawn. The band ranged in age from around ten to adult, and included two female players. The band uniform was a dark blazer and tie with white pants for men and white outfits for women. Sixth: Back of the image reading "Maryville Polytechnic School Band/ Leader: Bill Jo Henry center/ Left of Prof. Henry: Martha Henry with trumpet/ Right--Mattie Ledford."

	2 tifs. Two pages from the Maryville Polytechnic School Yearbook. The first image is of the 1910 Junior Class, picturing eight male and thirteen female students. The students' ages range from approximately tweleve to fifteen. The second image depicts the eleven member men's baseball team. The caption below the image lists the names: "T. Goddard Hale/ Badgett Rusell/ Hackney (captain)/ J. Goddard Rogers/ Garner Stuart/ Sterling Sullinger."

	2 tifs. Two photographs of cooks during the construction of the main line of the L and N Railroad near McGhee, Tennessee. The Louisville and Nashville Railroad (the L and N Railroad) was chartered in 1850 and operated as the primary Southern railroad for over 150 years. Although the rail had merely 180 miles of track when it began, extending from Louisville, Kentucy to Nashville, Tennessee, the system comprised over 7,000 miles at its completion in 1982. The second image shows a tent which may have been used as a dining hall for the workers on the rail.

	Caption on verso of first image reads: Construction of L and N Main Line near McGhee, Tennesseee...Man in left foreground is Alex Thompson, a foreman. The second image is of three African American workmen drilling rock during the construction.

	Robert Reed Church's ticket to the Republican National Convention in Philadelphia on June 19, 1900.

	Robert Reed Church's guest ticket to the Republican National Convention in St. Louis on June 16, 1896.

	This Fiftieth Anniversary (1909-1959) N.A.A.C.P. membership card was signed by Alfred Baker Lewis, Treasurer and was issued to Miss A. Church, 2101 New Hampshire Ave, N.W., Washington, D. C., and shows an expiration date of Apr 1960. Membership dues were $5.00 and were contributed to the Washington, D. C. branch of the N.A.A.C.P.

	A mileage ration book with gas coupons that was issued to R. R. Church, Jr. during WWII. Each coupon was good for "One 'A' Unit of Gasoline."

	One type of war ration book distributed during WWII. This one was issued to Annette Elaine Church.

	One type of war ration book issued during WWII. This one was issued to Robert R. Church.

	An elephant shaped menu printed for the 1948 Republican National Convention in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. The Bellevue-Stratford Hotel was the Headquarters, Republican National Committee.

	A score card that doubles as a fan. The card reads "WIN WITH IKE."

	Socialist Party of America membership card issued to Edwin Dalstrom, with dues paid stamps.

	An advertisement for Remington Typewriter Company stenograpers, which is attached to a lease agreement for a Remington Standard Typewriter and signed by C. P. Simonton of Covington, Tennessee. The date on the lease agreement is March 4, 1913.

	WWI war-savings certificate that was to be used for recording $5 stamps. There is a chart showing the increase in value of the stamps from month to month until they became due in 1923.

	This is a portrait of Father Abram J. Ryan taken during 1862 while in Tennessee. Ryan was a priest at the Church of the Immaculate Conception from May 1865 until July 1867. He served as a chaplain in the Confederate Army during the Civil War.

	Two photographs of William Gannaway Brownlow from a carte-de-visite. Brownlow, was known as "The Fighting Parson" because of his colorful speeches and writing as a preacher, in his paper, The Knoxville Whig, and in politics. During the post-War Reconstruction period, 1865-1869, he served as Governor of Tennessee. During the Civil War he was against secession, as were many people in east Tennessee.

	A political cartoon card with two woodcut illustrations: one depicting a black soldier asking for and receiving a bounty of $300 for service in the Union army, the other showing a one-legged white Civil War veteran asking for an extra bounty of $100, to which request the "Johnson paymaster" replies, "I am very sorry, but the President says the brave black troops must be paid first." On the verso is printed some Republican party propaganda, which poses the question: "Which is the White Man's Party?" and accuses Johnson and the Democrats of being in favor of suffrage for African-Americans.

	A book cover advertising the premium list and prospectus for the Appalachian Exposition in Knoxville, Tennessee from September 12 to October 12 1910. The front cover illustrates a couple overlooking Knoxville, and below advertises the "lowest railroad rates ever given to any exposition." The back cover lists William J. Oliver as President of the exposition and touts National, Government, State, City and County exhibits in "forestry, mining, agricultural, horticultural, mechanical, manufacturing and commercial." The back cover states the date of the exhibition and counsels the reader to "remember the rates" for the event.

	This photographic postcard was issued around the time of the 1911 Appalchian Exposition held in Knoxvill, TN. Mrs. Percy Lockett (seated) was the President of the Women's Board (for the Exposition). Also featured in the postcard are William Jennings Bryan and an unidentified individual.

	These photographs were taken during the National Conservation Expositon of 1913 at Chilhowee Park in Knoxville, TN. Photographs of the Main Exhibition Hall, the bandstand, crowds swimming in the lake in front of the Southern States building, the Womans Building, the Negro Building, the East Tennesse building and the Tennessee and Kentuckey Coal Building are included.

	This daugerrotype of Sam Houston, c. 1846, was purchased by the McClung Historical Collection of the Knox County Public Library System (Tennessee) from an individual in Blount County, Tennessee.

	French-Swiss Auguste Burnand (ca. 1835-1860?), who lived in a small Swiss colony in the vicinity of Knoxville from 1853-1860, is the creator of these sketches. His sketchbook of pencil drawings, done in 1855 and 1856, occasionally with a watercolor wash includes scenes of the houses, social life and working life in the area of Knox County. It also includes the oldest surviving drawings of several Knoxville houses, including those of prominent persons, and of local landmarks.

	This is a set of photographs of a young James Agee. The album was owned by the author's uncle, Hugh Tyler. In the first photograph it is assumed that James is standing with his mother, Laura Whitman Tyler Agee. Tyler Agee owned a summer cottage in Sewanee, Tennessee when James was ten.

	This is a set of three photographs of the Agee family, featuring James from about five to around ten. James' father died when he was six; after that time James and his sister, Emma, were educated in boarding schools. When James was ten he attended Saint Andrews School for Mountain Boys, near his mother's summer cottage in Sewanee, Tennessee. The first photograph is most likely of James, his mother, Laura Tyler Whitman Agee, his grandmother Whitman, his sister Emma and his uncle, Hugh Agee. The second image on the beach is probably of James, his mother, cousins and uncle. The third image is likely James, his cousins and aunt.

	This map of Knoxville's downtown was most likely created in 1921 according to city directory information. Most of the buildings labeled here are still present in downtown Knoxville though their names may have changed. Other well-known buildings present on the map, such as the Market House in Market Square, no longer exist.

	This is six pages from the handwritten and illustrated manuscript for a songbook that was never published. George Pullen Jackson, collected and edited fifty American folk songs. The first pages, including the table of contents and one song is included here, "George Buck is Dead." Charles Faulkner Bryan created the piano arrangements, and Margaret Bradfield added illustrations.

	This is a small poster that is the cover of History of Americans Over the Top, Victory Edition. The illustration shows American soldiers going "over the top" of a trench during a battle and capturing German soldiers. Airplanes fly overhead. The poster was printed by Columbian Eng. Co. in Chicago. An advertisment on the back of the poster describes a volume that will be an "authentic narrative" of World War I, including real military maps and other illustrations. Orders are to be sent to the Southern Agriculturist, Nashville, Tennessee.

	In his campaign for senate in 1966, Howard Baker, Jr. sent this postcard with the printed message: "Thanks for signing my qualifying petition. I am grateful, and I hope you will help us make this the biggest Republican Primary in History. Sincerely, Howard Baker." Baker won a seat in the senate and became the first elected Republican senator from Tennessee since the reconstruction.

	The James K. Polk Motel opened on East Main Street in Murfreesboro on March 1, 1929. As this souvenir menu suggests, the hotel was named after the eleventh president to honor his "life and services to his country." Polk lived in Murfreesboro while receiving his education and practicing law. His wife, Sarah Childress, was a native of Murfreesboro.

	Several examples of Confederate scrip issued from Richmond, Virginia between 1861 and 1863. One scrip is for twenty dollars and the other two are for five dollars.

	This is a photograph of a poster from the Sumner County Colored Agricultural Fair, which took place August 25-27,1938. The poster noted that the officers were Simon Patterson, president, and Hardy Hall, Vice-president. The event billed itself as "American's First Negro Fair" and encouraged people to "Keep Your Children in Union High School."

	Hattie Ackerman was one of the first teachers Chattanooga, Tennessee. She opened a private school in the city in 1869 and entered the public school system after it was established 1872. She lived from 1850 until 1878 when she died of yellow fever.

	Three images of Judge William Henry DeWitt who was born in Smith County, Tennessee in 1827. DeWitt was a member of the Tennessee State Legislature from 1855-57; a Delegate from Tennessee to the Confederate Provisional Congress from 1861-62; and a State Court Judge in Tennessee in 1872. He died in Chattanooga on April 11, 1896.

	"Hon." H. Clay Evans was born in 1843 in Pennsylvania, and moved to Wisconsin with his parents in 1844. He served in the Union Army during the Civil War. After his service he moved to Chattanooga and served two terms as mayor beginning in 1881. Evans helped to organize the public-school system of Chattanooga, and served as the first school commissioner. He was elected to congress in 1889, but was not re-elected. He served as the first Assistant Postmaster General from 1891-1893. After an unsuccessful run for Governor of Tennessee, Evans was appointed Commissioner of Pensions from 1897 to 1902. Evans chose to enter the diplomatic service with an appointment as United States consul general to London, England from that point until 1905. Upon his return, Evans was chosen as commissioner of health and education of Chattanooga in 1911. Evans died in Chattanooga, Tennessee on December 12, 1921.

	2 tifs. Two portraits of Major Marcus Grant. Enlisted in company B First Infantry as Corporal April 29, 1861 in Jackson for 3 months at age 21. Grant ended his service in Nashville, Tennessee on September 22, 1865.

	3 tifs. Three images of Harry F. Griscom,1856-1888. Griscom served in the United States Civil War, and later became a postmaster in Chattanooga from March 29,1882 until July 15, 1885. Griscom was also a member of the Tennessee State Republican Central Executive Committee in 1882.

	2 tifs. Two portraits of John A. Hart, 1845 - January 15, 1891. Hart grew up in Ohio, but moved to Montgomery, Alabama in the 1850s. He returned to the north to join the Union Army in 1861. After his service in the United States Civil War, he returned to Montgomery and was elected to the Alabama state senate, where he was the speaker of the senate. Hart invested in several failed railroad ventures, amd moved to Tennessee to begin work at the Chattanooga Times in 1869. When Hart received an inheritance upon his father's death, he invested with John F. Loomis and began the Loomis and Hart Lumber Company in 1875. Hart ran for the mayor of Chattanooga first in 1878 but was unsuccessful. He won the office of mayor in 1881 and served for one year. John A. Hart died on January 15, 1891.

	2 tifs. Two portraits of a Civil War Soldier, Scott F. Hyde, who worked after his service as the sheriff of Hamilton County, Tennessee from 1894-1896.

	Photograph of Jennie Cheairs Hickey. Inscription on the back reads: Jennie's Compliments take good care of this handsome Lady, and bring her home, when you come. T. J. Merritt's National Portrait Gallert, 42 and 44 Union Street, Nashville, Tenn. ; J. P. Greenwald, L. Longhorst - Photographers ; B. F. Baldwin , S. W. Merritt - Ambrotypists, M. Baker, Printer ; George Dunn, Colorist in Oil ; Thos. J. Merritt, Proprieter

	This is a postcard to Mrs. M.L. Moodie in Pembroke, Kentucky from her daughter, printed circa 1910. The card features a "Cumberland River Steamer, Passing Through Clarksville, Tenn.". The Cumberland River Steamer was an excursion steamboat, and owned and operated by brothers Frank and Matt Gracey from Clarksville. The reverse reads: "Dear Mamma, Your letter came this morning. I have decided to go to Mabel's first. Will go Tuesday if you come on Monday. Sam says there is no cloverseed in town. He will see you Monday about ordering it for you. Hope you all are well. Lovingly, M.M.B."

	This is a postcard of the B.F. Goodrich Rubber Co. Plant in Clarksville, Tennessee. The company housed in Akron, Ohio opened a new branch in 1937 in Clarksville. The style of the card "C.T. Art Colortone" was popular from the mid-1930s to the mid-1940s, and many postcards during this era, including a collection of images of Fort Knox, were produced with this method.

	This postcard shows the Red River Furnace in Clarksville, Tennessee. It was mailed to Mrs. M. L. Moodie in Pembroke, Kentucky by her daughter with the initials M.M.B.. The back of the postcard has the notation: "Souvenir Post Card Co., New York, Printed in Germany." The note read: "A man can go out one day next week Monday or Tues. to do your work and will charge about $10. Hope you and Maude can come to see me. We are well, but they are sick at Mr. Boone's. Lovingly, M.M.B."

	This postcard illustration depicts an African-American family working to load tobacco onto a horse-drawn cart. It was mailed to Mr. Sam Boone of Clarksville, Tennessee by someone named Myrtle. Tobacco was the main source of industry for Clarksville at the turn of the 20th century, and it remained one of the country's largest exporters until the 1940s. The note alludes to the train, which was another of Clarksville's sources of income. The note reads: "You may expect me on the T.C. at 5 o'clock Friday. Am at N--y's and am ready to go to Trenton to meet Maude and Miss Kellie. Hope You are feelling fine. Myrtle."

	This postcard shows the exterior of Ed and Ann's Meadow Motel in the 1950s. At that time the hotel was located approximately a mile outside of Clarksville, Tennessee. It advertised its approval by AAA, and it membership in Courtesy Court, as well as its electric heat and telephones. The back of the postcard states that it had the newest 21 units in town, which were 100% Air-Conditioned, 15 with T.V. The motel was owned and operated by Mr. and Mrs. E. T. Jurka. The postcard was sent to Larry Goetsch of Oconomowoc, Wisconsin by his Uncle Alex. The note reads: "I am doing fairly good with my arm. This is a nice place. We drove 476 miles today. Uncle Alex."

	A cabinet card of Elizabeth West Walton as a young girl, around the age of five. The image was captured by N.B. Bettison, photographer, from Bowling, Green Kentucky. The disclaimer reads: "Duplicates of this picture can be had at any time by ordering." The image is captioned by hand: "Elizabeth West Walton, mother, Lizzie Walton, wife of George Pickering, mother Louise (Jarrott), Paul Walton, Charles, Emma Cook (Davis) and Virginia." The estimated date is based upon another image of Elizabeth Walton in 1886, two years prior to her marriage.

	This is a card with a lithograph of Elizabeth West Walton around the age of sixteen. The back of the card reads: "Elizabeth West Walton, 16 years old, mother of: Paul Walton, Louise (Jarratt), Virginia, Emma Cook (Davis), Charles; Married G.H. Pickering; grandmother of Walton P Jarratt".

	This is a cabinet card photograph of Elizabeth West Walton with a list of her marriage, children, and grandchildren handwritten on the back. The back of the card reads: "McMinnville, Tenn. Jan. 24th, 1886. Lizzie Walton; Elizabeth West Walton; married George Hiram Pickering 6-6-1888 and died 11-3-1931; 3 daughters Nancy Louise (Roy Jarratt); Virginia (never married); Emma Cook ("Cookie") (Davis); 3 son Charles Pickering; Walton "; Paul "; grandmother of Walton Jarratt."

	These are 2 slides from the collection titled, " Nancy Ward gravesite dedication". Nancy Ward (1738-1822) was a Cherokee woman of great ability. Her name was Nanyi-hi. She was known among the white settlers as Nancy Ward because, for a time, she was married to Bryant Ward. (they had a daughter) She achieved the position, Beloved Woman, an office of importance in the Cherokee Nation and impressed many settlers by her actions and negotiations. In the first slide is Governor Ray Blanton (suit, on left) and on right side is Secretary of State (TN): Joe C. Carr. (who held officein the 1970's)

	3 tifs. Hiwassee Float Services was one of the earliest recreational river businessess in the southeast Tennessee area, including Polk County. The three images in the collection depict the business during the seventies. The first image is of a man standing near his car and the sign "Hiwassee Float Services. Canoe and Raft Rental. Car Shuttle Service. Licenses. Bait. Supplies." The second image depicts an older couple paddling an inflated raft past rapids with a child riding an innertube nearby. The third image is of a group of tourists standing in front of a van with inflated rafts on top.

	2 tifs. Two images of the Friendship Baptist Church in Polk County, Tennessee established in 1826 as it stands in the seventies. The building itself is white clapboard with a cemetery at the rear. Friendship Baptish Church is the oldest church in Polk county, and is located north of the Hiwassee River.

	2 tifs. Two views of an abandoned church building in Reliance, Tennessee. The church was clad in unfinished clapboard siding and copper roofing.

	2 tifs. Two images of the Springtown Mill and nearby stream in Polk County. The first slide shows the mill's wheel dormant and covered in vines, and the second image is of the stream; both are depicted in the fall of 1978. The mill was first known as Harris Mill, then renamed Maggie's Mill after a local resident.

	2 tifs. The William Wiggins House in Benton, Tennessee is also known as the Dr. J.D. Nuchols House and drugstore. It was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993 because of the significance of its architecture. It was built around 1825.

	2 tifs. The first image depicts the roadside sign reading "Polk County Fair. FFA-4H Show Barn. Benton, TN. Aug. 13-18." The second image shows a long makeshift table supporting brightly colored vegetables and fruit. Behind the table are decorated panels separating booths. The fair took place at The Showbarn, on Highway 411, in Benton, Tennessee and had no admission fee. Special events included local musicians performances and livestock and crop displays and sales.

	3 tifs. Three images taken during the American bicentennial of the Polk County Courthouse in Benton, Tennessee. The courthouse was designed in the Art Deco Style and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1993 for its architectural and engineering significance. The third image is a closer view of the memorial erected by the American legion. The sculpture is engraved "Dedicated to the memory of the men of Polk County Tenn. Who gave their lives and to all who served in World Wars I and II."

	3 tifs. The Historic Kimsey Highway, Forest Service Road 68, is located in the Cherokee National Forest in Polk County, Tennessee and is named after a prominent early 20th century doctor, citizen, and philanthropist of the county, Dr. Lucius Ezell Kimsey. The first image features a brown and white sign on the highway reading "Cherokee National Forest. Historic Kimsey Highway." The second and third images depict unpaved roads running through the autumnal mountains.

	2 tifs. Five baseball players practice in the field with the Copper Basin in the background. In the second picture, the empty green football field appears in sharp contrast to the barren landscape behind it. Copper mining in the Ducktown-Copperhill area in Polk County began in the mid-1800s. By the earlier 20th century the area was environmentally devastated.

	3 tifs. Three images of the barren ground and hills near the mines of Copperhill, Tennessee. The Ducktown-Copperhill area in Polk County, Tennessee was one of the first mining areas in Tennessee, where mining begin in 1847. Copper mining in the area did not end until 1987 and the area was stripped of timber and the land was deprived of vegetation.

	1 tif. An image of the pumping station at Kimsey Junior College. The small, plain brick structure used to serve the junior college in Polk County. Kimsey College was established in the first half of the 20th century by Dr. Lucius Ezell Kimsey, a prominent physician in the area.

	2 tifs. Images of buildings near the mines in Copperhill, Tennessee in 1970. The first image is of a partially brick, partially aluminum clad home on a barren site. The second image is of a concrete block industrial structure with machinery behind it and dumpsters in the foreground. The devastation of the Copper Basin was so great that the area was once considered the largest man-made biological desert in the nation, with over 50 miles stripped. In the 1870s the mines began to fail due to a lack of transportation and a decline in the quality of ore. However, improvements in transportation over the next twenty years led to rapid growth in the area. Eventually the area's industry shifted to sulfuric acid, which was used to smelt copper. In 1941 the Tennessee Valley Authority began an effort on site to re-vegetate the basin, including the construction of sixteen buildings. The area was mined until 1987.

	2 tifs. Two images of the blackened ground and gaseous vapors of the smelting mines at Copperhill, Tennessee. Both images depict the refinery in the backrground, and the second image shows the raw steel and materials used in the mines. In the 1870s the mines at Copper Basin began to fail due to a lack of transportation and a decline in the quality of ore. However, improvements in transportation over the next twenty years led to rapid growth in the area. Eventually the area's industry shifted to sulfuric acid, which was used to smelt copper. In 1904 the pyritic process for copper smelting was invented, which eliminated the need to open roast the ore. In 1961 the Copper Basin aded a fluid-solids roaster to reduce pollution and in 1992 a new sulfur burner was installed to replace the smelter. Acid production at Copperhill ended in 2000.

	This postcard has a river view of Clarksville, Tennessee around the year 1920. The postcard was sent to Irving Davie of Hopkinsville, Kentucky by his daugher. The letter reads: Dear Daddy, We sure are having a good time. I wish you were here with us. I wish you could see my new shoes. [illegible signature]

	This postcard illustration shows tobacco being brought to Clarksville in a caravan of horse-drawn wagons. It was sent by Lillian H. to Tom Stapp of LaFayette, Kentucky. The text reads: "Hello friend--I am sorry I could not be at the meeting just for the sake of old times, and wish I could have been at the barbecue last Saturday. I know I would have enjoyed it. Why dont you people come down this way some time as ever Lilian H. Aug 7, 10"

	This postcard depicts tobacco arriving at the warehouse in Clarksville, Tennessee. It was sent to J. L. Power of Columbus, Mississippi on March 27, 1920. The card was printed by E.C. Kropp Co., Milwaukee, Wisconsin. The text reads: "Wish you could see some of these hills--the struts look like Cat Fish Alley to day- as it is Saturday Love"

	A postcard featuring a tobacco warehouse in Clarksville, Tennessee. The front print reads: "Tobacco Warehouse...Here Sounds the Call of the Tobacco Auctioneers--K38. Clarksville, Tennessee, Destroyed by fire, December 6, 1978." The back of the card reads: "Warehouses like this are among the largest in the world, some covering an area of six and a half acres under a single roof. As much as three million pounds of tobacco are sold at a single auction." The printint was made by the Natural Color Post Card Made in U.S.A. by E.C. Kropp Co., Milwaukee, Wis. - IAY.

	This is a postcard featuring the G.H. Warneken Tobacco Prizing House in Clarksville, Tennessee. Tobacco was packed in these warehouses. The houses were referred to as "prizing" based upon an early definition of prize, meaning "to press, force, or move with a lever." Clarksville at the turn of the century was heavily involved in the tobacco industry and remained a dominant force in tobacco until the mid-1900s.

	This map of the Clinchfield Railroad Company's connections is printed on the back of the company's letterhead. The letter is likely from L.H. Phetteplace, General Manager in Erwin, Tennessee to J. Fred Johnson in Kingsport, Tennessee. Letter reads: March 25, 1939 Mr. J. Fred Johnson, Kingsport, Tenn. Dear Mr. Johnson: Thanks for yours of the 14th with enclosure. This is the same gentleman who has undertaken to guide the people of various towns in East Tennessee during the last eight or ten years. He is so concerned about the welfare of the poor and needy and goes to such extremes in his efforts to convince people that he is right, that he is immediately distrusted. He is also dishonest, and this defect is almost immediately uncovered when he gets in action. I am better, thank you, and feeling fine. Glad to note that Mr. Dennis is coming down. The last few days has certainly made our gardens and flower beds look like spring. Unfortunately I have to take a trip west, leaving here tomorrow night for Chicago and also visit our outside traffic agencies in the west. With kindest regards, I am Yours sincerely, [illegible--most likely to be L.H. Phetteplace, General Manager]

	These five photographs were taken by Edgar Calhoun at excavation sites of Native American burial mounds and includes one photograph of two boys, one boy is digging and behind him is a pile of what appear to be human bones. Cornfields compose the background of these photographs.

	Two postcards of Liberty Bond sales in downtown Kingsport, Tennessee.

	A flier in the shape of a hand that served as an invitation for women to attend and become members of the League of Women Voters. The reverse side of flier state the rules of becoming a registered voter in Sullivan County on the five fingers. Contact information is listed on both sides.

	Souvenir program for dedication of Frank L. Cloud Homes. "With best regards to H. Graham Morison" written on bottom right corner and signed by Gib Crockett.

	These photographs show the devastation of the tornado that hit Kingsport, Tennessee, in March of 1933. The images are of the damage to Tate G. Crockett's property. Eight people died in the tornado, including Crockett. Hundreds of individuals were injured during the tornado. The Red Cross and the Salvation Army established relief stations to handle the emergency and local physicians volunteered their efforts in aiding the people. The Tennessee State legislature provided $10,000 to help the victims.

	The Mountain Branch of the National Home for Disabled Veterans was established in 1903, and the original construction planned 37 buildings including 8 barracks for 2500 men. Disabled Volunteer Soldiers living in the Home did not have serious injuries, and were expected to work during their stay according to their abilities. The Home contained a large farm with a greenhouse, producing vegetables and livestock for consumption. A fire department, jail, morgue and a zoo were all on site. Additionally, a baseball field and gazebo (used for concerts by the Branch Band) attracted local audiences. The project was completed in 1910. The images of the Branch include: Quartermaster Headquarters, Ice Manufacturing Plant, Stables, Hospital, Power Plant, The Machine, Carpenter, Paint and Tin Shop, a Mess Hall, The Promenade, Memorial Hall which was used as the theatre, and the Chapel.

	The first image in this series is a welcoming card with a sketch of two men shaking two hands. The card reads, "The Lester Harris Post of the American Legion welcomes you buddie." The second image is of Lester Harris and gives vital information on Mr. Harris, for whom this post of the American Legion was named. The card reads: "Dedicated to the memory of Lester Harris; Born Orchard Place; Johnson City, Tennessee, December 31st 1893; Wounded Compeigne, France, July 5th, 1918; Died Catency, France, July 9, 1918." The third image is a group portrait of the leaders of National Sanatorium in Tennessee. The officers were: Vice Commander, Lewis E. Shaver; Adjutant, F.J. Lindenthal; Treasurer, H.Y. Anderson; Sergeant-At-Arms, Albert Alder. The leaders of the committees were: Publicity, Quin E. Donathan; Membership, Mack Lee; Compensation, R. Bernsteine. The last image is a photograph of an American Legion gathering in the theater located on the premises of National Sanatorium at Mountain Home, Tennessee. The National Sanatorium is now known as the Moutain Home VA Medical Center or the James H. Quillen VA Medical Center.

	National Homes for Disabled Volunteer Soldiers were created at the turn of the century for Civil War veterans, at the request of Abraham Lincoln. The Mountain Branch of the National Home for Disabled Volunteer Soliders was requested by Tennessee Congressman Walter P. Brownlow, and his bill passed unanimously in 1900. It was occupied in 1903 and was completed in 1910. The compound contained barracks for 2500 men, in addition to a 4 ward infirmary and homes for the surgeons and officers. The Mountain Branch in Johnson City, Tennessee became a tourist attraction, and hotels were built nearby to house visitors to the zoo and Home. The Home was not designed for permanent care or as a hospital, but for care of minor injuries. The officer veterans were expected to work during their stay according to their abilities. The nurses in the photo are listed: Miss Brown, Miss Jenner, Miss Elsie Finger, Miss Arnold, Miss Beeghler, Miss Wright; Miss Baker, Miss Redd, Miss Brown, Mrs. Lewis, Miss McFadden, Miss Arnold; Mrs. Smith, Miss Johansen, Miss Hider, Miss Ida Finger, Miss Moyer, Miss Richardson; Miss Baggerly, Miss Comstock, Miss Van Colen, Miss Clara Finger, Miss Singula, Mrs. Bowman; Miss Blocher

	Major Paul Eave Divine, military officer and lawyer, was born in May 20, 1871. He worked as Treasurer under Walter P. Brownlow at the Mountain Branch of the National Home for Disabled Volunteer Soldiers in Mountain Home, Tennessee, near Johnson City in the first years of the home's operations. These images include a photograph of Major Divine, an organization chart of officers of the Mountain Branch of the National Home for Disabled Volunteer Soldiers, and the house where Major Divine lived while serving as Treasurer. In addition to Divine, the chart lists the following officers: the Hon. Walter P. Brownlow, Local Manager; Col. John P. Smith, Governor; Major J.C. Butler, Surgeon; Captain W.E.F. Milburn, Quartermaster; Captain C.Y. Deadrick, Adjutant; Rev. Ruble, Chaplain and Father Larkin, Chaplain. The Mountain Branch "Old Soldiers Home" is now known as the James H. Quillen Veterans Affairs Medical Center.

	2 tifs. A nurse stands near the door of the empty hospital ward. The windows are opened at the top for ventilation. Verso side reads: Inside picture of Ward 2, showing about one third of the ward. The Mountain Branch of the National Home for Disabled Volunteer Soldiers in Johnson City, Tennessee housed a hospital with four wards. The hospital at this time was used to care for minor injuries, and was intended more as an infirmary. The Branch could house nearly 4,000 soldiers and was self-sufficient, even including amusement for the veterans including a baseball field and a zoo.

	Eleanor Roosevelt and her entourage visited the Mountain City branch of the National Home for Disabled Soldiers on Memorial Day, May 30, 1939. The parade in Johnson City on this day entertained the First Lady and a crowd in excess of 25,000. The images in this collection feature a female band in uniform marching through Johnson City; a group of sailors marching in the parade; an aerial image of a male band marching and playing along the route; a motorcade of nearly twenty motorcycles driving down a lane; a set up in front of a government building featuring children sitting on the lawn; an image of local government figures seated and talking; and three images of Mrs. Eleanor Roosevelt, waving and visiting with members of the crowd. One verso reads: "Elinor Memorial Day Services; Boy Scouts, R.O.T.C. and Tenn State Guard. Estimated Crowd 25,000 for services."

	The Mountain Branch of the National Home for Disabled Veterans was established in Johnson City, Tennessee in 1903, and was a self-sufficient compound for nearly 4,000 soldiers. The residents grew flowers in this greenhouse to provide for the infirmary and cemetery. The Home had a 250-acre farm and hired a full-time horticulturist to assist with the grounds. In the first image, two men work inside the greenhouse. The exterior of the greenhouse is featured in the second image and is labeled: Flower House.

	An image of the band at the Mountain Home Branch of the National Home for Disabled Volunteer soldiers, and pictured separately, the bandstand which was also used as a gazebo. The Mountain Branch's founder and patron, Congressman Brownlow was particularly dedicated to the Branch Band, writing leading companies to secure instruments and music for the players. The Mountain Home Branch's band was popular entertainment for local Johnson City residents on Sunday afternoons. This fourteen member version of the band was uniformed and included: drums, flute, two clarinets, a tuba, a sousaphone, three trumpets, two french horns, two trombones and a conductor.

	These images are of the renovated house which served as the director's residence when the National Soldiers Home operated at Mountain Home, Tennessee. Today, the area houses the Veterans Affairs Medical Center and the James H. Quillen College of Medicine. Many of the historic buildings were still in use and remained well-preserved in 2007. The original construction style, a twist on Greek revival, was typical of a home built at the turn of the century, and the home included a grand interior stair and the application of exterior columns.

	Nineteen female waitresses in identical uniforms stand in front of a brick building. One man stands behind them on the steps of the building, while another individual can be seen in the doorway. The second photograph is the Mess Hall where the waitresses worked at the National Soldiers Home. The Mess Hall now houses the Museum at Mountain Home. The dining hall at its maximum capacity served 2500 people per day, and often served produce grown on the Home's grounds.

	Twenty-one officers pose for a group picture outside a brick building at the National Soldiers Home in Mountain Home, Tennessee. At this time, the home was known as the National Sanatorium because it changed from a domicile to a medical facility. The verso side reads: Staff officers National Sanatorium. 1925.

	The National Soldiers baseball teams stand for photographs in the baseball park. The second picture in this series of photographs show the bleachers where the crowd would sit and the veterans' cemetery is in the background. The Veterans of the Home and traveling semi-professional baseball teams both used the baseball fields at the Mountain Branch.

	These are images of nurses and their quarters at the National Home for Disabled Volunteer Soldiers in Mountain Branch, Tennessee. The Home originally included a four ward infirmary which was augmented after soldiers began to return after World War I. The Home was increased to help care for veterans suffering from lung scarring from gas attacks, tuberculosis and influenza. There are approximately 43 nurses pictured here, all in white uniforms. The nurses are standing on the steps of their residence, which was built in the Beaux-Arts style, common to the Mess Hall and other buildings on the grounds.

	Dr. Arthur Jackson Ellis was a renowned doctor of Northeast Tennessee in the early 20th century. The picture of Dr. Ellis on his horse, "Old Fred" was taken around 1915 at the "cut" between Embreeville and Bumpus Cove. The next picture is a portrait of Dr. Ellis in his later years. There are two pictures of Dr. Ellis practicing medicine in his office. He is treating a wounded knee, and the individual's face is not shown. Dr. Ellis also works with a small child in his office. The following three photographs are of Dr. Ellis' home and Dr. Ellis with a herd of cows. A re-creation of Dr. Ellis's office with his original furniture is located in the Museum of Mountain Home on the campus of the East Tennesse State University Medical Campus.

	Three images depicting Memorial Day parades at the Mountain Home for Disabled Volunteer Soldiers at the Mountain Branch in Johnson City, Tennessee. The first aerial image depicts a float for "Coca-Cola" leading approximately a dozen other floats driving down a wooded drive. The picture is captioned: "May 30, 1938." The second image is of a building in downtown Johnson City decorated with the American flag and a banner for WJHL, which was a news source in Johnson City which started broadcasting television in 1953. The image shows a band in uniform and a local troop of Boy Scouts (possibly) passing. The third image, also captioned "May 30, 1938," is an aerial view of marching nurses in uniform with capes. The first and third images may be from the same photographer, as they have a similar view point.

	This collection is titled, "Photographs of the Memphis Blood Bank". There are twenty-three photographs and one drawing in this group associated with the facility started by Dr. Lemuel Whitley Diggs. This was the first blood bank in the South and only the fourth in the entire country.

	This is a Ten Dollar Bill of the Bank of Chattanooga; redeemable at the Bank of Memphis. It was signed by John Overton Jr, who was Judge John Overton's son; Judge Overton helped establish Memphis in 1819 and bequeathed property in the city to his son.

	This is a Twenty Dollar Bill from the Bank of Chattanooga, redeemable at the Bank of Memphis. It was signed by John Overton Jr, who was Judge John Overton's son. Judge Overton helped establish Memphis in 1819 and bequeathed property in the city to his son.

	This photograph is titled, "Overton Family at Travellers Rest c1890". The picture is taken in frount of the Victorian porch, which stood on the building from 1885 to 1920. John Overton Jr. is standing on the porch. Harriet Overton is in a black dress. The other woman and child are unidentified. The back of the photograph has the Kodak logo of the day, including a sketch of a handheld camera.

	A postcard issued by the Davis Acetylene Gas Generator Company of the "Fairview" residence of William Jennings Bryan in Lincoln, Nebraska. The home was victorian in style and the image shows Bryan sitting on a bench in the foreground. The caption reads "'Fairview,' Residence of William Jennings Bryan, Lincoln, Neb. Lighted for Seven Years by a Davis Acetylene Gas Generator. Thousands of Residences, Business Blocks, Churches, Schools, Etc., are Lighted by Apparatus Manufactured by the Davis Acetylene Co., Elkhart, Ind." The back of the card has room for the client to fill out the size and energy needs of their home so they can send the card back to Davis for an estimate. The verso reads "Fill out and send to us for an estimate. Is your building a residence, store, factory, etc? How many rooms? Would you pipe the gas to barn? Would you use it for cooking? What illuminant do you use at present? Give your name. Town. State." The card was included in the collection to show the wealth and significance of the lawyer/politician who came to Dayton, Tennesee for the Scopes trial and the national importance of the trial.

	2 tifs. The uniformed 1924 Rhett Central High School Football team pose and scowl for the camera on the school's stairs. The verso, typed in 1978, lists the team members "Top Row: Crawford Purser. 2nd Row: JOHN T. SCOPES (Coach), Henry (Honky) Jones, Luther (Luke) Welch, Edwin Williamson, Carroll (Flop) Tallent. 3rd Row: Charles (Pup) Hagler, Austin (Wig) Tallent, Verdman (Rat) Wells, Grady (Piggy) Purser, Clair Elsea. Bottom Row: Arch (Buck) Shalton, Charles Stokley, Jack Hudson, C.L. Locke, Dean Norman. 1978 - Following deceased: Jones, Williamson, Hagler, Roddy, Elsea, Stokley, Scopes." Scopes, after earning his law degree at the University of Kentucky, landed a job at the Rhea County High School coaching basketball and substituting for teachers in 1924. The Scopes trial and controversy erupted when Scopes taught evolution to his general science class in 1925. Scopes was fined $100 for violating the Butler act, which banned teaching evolution. The Butler Act was repealed in 1967.

	2 tifs. Two black and white photographs of the Rhea County Courthouse in Dayton, Tennessee. The Rhea County courthouse was constructed in 1890-1891 in the Romanesque Revival and Italian Villa style, with two large towers at either end of the building. The northeast tower is the clock tower with a central octagonal lantern below an open pavilion. The building was added to the National Registry of Historic Places in 1972, as it was the focal point of the Scopes Trial of the summer of 1925. William Jennings Bryan prosecuted the case for the state, alleging that Scopes violated a ban on teaching evolution in the classroom. Clarence Darrow unsuccessfully defended Scopes, who was charged with a fine of $100 at the conclusion of the trial.

	3 tifs. Photographs of the first commencement ceremony at Bryan College in 1934. The first image shows the graduating class walking in cap and gown. The second is a group shot, taken by a student. The verso has hand written text "Class of 1934. Front L. R. Harriet Dunlap, Mona Fleod, Sybil Lush (Pres). Marjorie Yancey, Bertha Morgan. Back: F.H. Bennett, R.T. Moxey, Logan Rector, Ry Ther." Bryan College was founded in September 1930, and named after Williams Jennings Bryan, the attorney and orator. Bryan began work establishing the college and passed on, so the college was named in his honor posthumously. The College is known for its conservative Christian beliefs.

	This group of pages is titled, Map of Bolivar". It is a series of maps of Bolivar in Hardeman County, Tennessee. Each map covered a distinct section of town and covered two pages in the book. Communities used these maps for fire department and other planning. Insurance companies relied on them almost without question in deciding insurance contracts for builings and property. Each scanned image represents one page, or half of a map.

	These two photographs are titled, "May Day". The pictures show a large number of children and accompianing adults, apparently invovled in the May Day program in Bolivar, TN., grouped in front of the Court House.

	This is a postcard from Arthur Brooks, a soldier who fought in WWI, from Bolivar, TN. The postcard announces that he is coming home from Europe. It is likely that the picture is of Arthur Brooks and his unit but it is not known which one is him.

	These plaques presented to Arnetta G. Wallace (1904-1995)from the Knoxville College Alumni Association, recognize Mrs. Wallace for her continued support and leadership she gave the school. Mrs. Wallace was active in many civic, religions, social, and educational efforts in the city of Knoxville. She attended Knoxville College from her grade school education through her baccalaureate study. She earned two undergraduate degrees from Knoxville College in Foreign Language and Music. She was a leader in the Alpha Kappa Alpha sorority, serving as 14th International President from 1953-1958. Mrs. Wallace was a native of Knoxville.

	Mrs. Wallace worked in the Knoxville City school system and retired from Vine Junior High School. She was active in many civic, religions, social, and educational efforts in the city of Knoxville. She attended Knoxville College from her grade school education through her baccalaureate study. She earned two undergraduate degrees from Knoxville College in Foreign Language and Music. She was a leader in the Alpha Kappa Alpha sorority, serving as 14th International President from 1953-1958. Mrs. Wallace was a native of Knoxville.

	These two photographs, one drawing, and one business card all relate to Cal Johnson. Mr Johnson was born a slave in 1844 and eventually became very succesful financially. He made money in real estate, saloon ownership, and owning race horses. He donated money to build a fountain in a city park that Knoxville hand named in his honor in 1922.

	2 tifs. Two portraits of Robert J. Booker from the seventies era. Booker is a native of Knoxville, a veteran, and was the first African American elected to the Tennessee legislature from Knox County. Booker was first elected in 1966 and served three terms. Booker was also the first African American to serve as Administrative Assistant to the mayor of Knoxville, Tennessee beginning in 1972. Booker was the executive director of the Beck Cultural Exchange Center for sixteen years. He authored several books related to black culture in Knoxville, and wrote columns for the Knoxville Journal.

	2 tifs. A photograph of Joseph Delaney seated in front of a fence lined with framed artwork, presumably his own. Delaney sits tenuously on the wooden crate, wearing a suit and hat, with papers in his left hand. The verso reads "To my friend Martha A. Singleton from Joseph Delaney, Oct 1934. 'Noted Individuals'." Joseph Delaney was one of Knoxville's best known artists. Delaney was nine of ten children whose father was a Methodist minister. He worked many odd jobs in Knoxville before leaving for Chicago in 1925 and New York in 1930. Delaney exhibited works in the first Washington Square Outdoor Art Show, and had many shows with prominent twentieth century artists including Jackson Pollack. Delaney died in 1991 in Knoxville.

	2 tifs. Two class portraits from the Eastport School in 1957. The first photograph is of Teacher Marie Johnson's First Grade class. The group comprises nearly 45 African American students, assembled on the school's stairs and Ms. Johnson stands behind her students. The second image depicts a group of 28 sixth grade students at East Port School, with teacher Mrs. Macklin. Both photographs feature students standing in the front row with chalkboards with the grade and teacher written on them. Eastport School was established in 1905 on Fuller Avenue just outside the city limits of Knoxville, Tennessee. A new building for Eastport School was erected on Bethel Avenue in 1932.

	2 tifs. Two images of African American students at the Green School in Knoxville. The first photograph depicts Green School students preparing for a parade outside the school. The first group of young students hold drums and instruments, the second set of students, some in safety patrol belts, hold signs that collectively say "Jack Sprat was like that he broke the rule of safely school so her he lies while ... cries." The last set of older students, well-dressed stand at the rear. The second image depicts pre-teen students in their seated in their desks in the classroom. The students smile for the camera as their teacher, Leon Nance, looks on. Green School is named for Dr. Henry M. Green and was established in 1909 on Payne Avenue in Knoxville, Tennessee. Green School also served as Knoxville Colored High School from 1916 until 1928.

	2 tifs. Two representations of Maynard James, Sr. by Boyd Browder. The first is a charcoal sketch of James, and the second is a photograph of James in suit and tie. The representations, despite parallel subjects, convey different emotions, each best utilizing their medium. Boyd Browder was one of Knoxville's most important black photographer. He specialized in portrait and human photography, especially in the black community, and his studio, Browder Studios, was prominent during its time. Additionally, Browder was elected to the Knox County court from 1942-1946.

	2 tifs. Two photographs of the Knoxville Colored Orphanage and their board of directors. In the first photograph, the six member board of directors stands in front of a home, with James and Ethel Beck standing at either end of the group. The second image is a damaged photograph of a person interacting with animals, while a woman looks on outside a fence. It was taken of the farm at the orphanage. The children at the Knoxville Colored Orphanage attended public school and worked on-site at the orphanage. James and Ethel Beck were two of the most influential members of Knoxville's black community beginning in the 1920's. They helped to establish the Knoxville Colored Orphanage in 1919, and the project took off when Ethel was elected to head the board. In 1941 the school was re-named the Ethel Beck Home for Children in her honor, but closed in the early fifties.

	2 tifs. Two photographs of African American young adults, who called themselves the "Sunday afternoon group." The first photograph depicts the seven females of the group standing in front of the six males in the group, who sit atop a stone wall in front of a house. The women wear corset-style long dresses and large hats while the men wear suits and bowler hats. The second image depicts the group with the females on top of the wall, seated, while the males stand below them and look up at the women. These pictures were taken at a house on Cansler Street in Knoxville, Tennessee. The street was later renamed McGhee Street. On the back of the first photograph, the individuals are identified as follows: L-R, James Beck, William Brooks, Fritz Cansler, Dr. Charles Davis, and the last two individuals are unidentified. The women in the lower row are identified as: Myrtle Brook McGowan, "Hoss", unidentified, Mrs. Ida Woods, Mrs. Fritz Cansler (Porter), unidentified and Dolly Warren Baskerville.

	2 tifs. A postcard from the Homecoming celebration for the 100th Anniversary of Bedford county in September 1907. The card itself features a central crest with the poem, flanked by two photographs of Shelbyville Hotels, one founded in 1810 and the other in 1907. Below the crest and the images, the text invites readers to attend the Homecoming celebration. The text on the card reads "1807 1907. 'Mid pleasures and palaces, Tho' we may roam, Be it ever so humble, There's no place like home.' Shelbyville Hotel, "Holland House," 1810. Shelbyville Hotel, "the Dixie," 1907. 100th Anniversary of Bedford County Sept. 5-6-7, 1907. To be celebrated by a great Home-Coming To the Bedford County Fair, Shelbyville, Tennessee. You are Invited. H.B. Cowan, Sec'." Below the printed material there is a place for text, and the inscription reads "Wish you could be with us at this time. Please write soon. Mary." The verso is blank save for an elaborate crest stating "Post Card." There is a one cent Benjamin Franklin stamp at the top left, which was issued in 1907. The card has printing "This side is for the address." at the bottom. The address reads "Mrs. M.L. Creel, Rhea, Okla."

	2 tifs. One stock certificate for the Bedford County Fair Association of Shelbyville, Tennessee made to I.G. Miller. It is a square stock printed in green and black with an elaborate border encasing a depiction of justice, seated with her scales and a dagger. Two other women recline at her feet. Below the scene is printed the text "Shares $25.00 each. Number 216. Shares one. Bedford County Fair Association. Shelbyville, Tennessee. This is to Certify that I. G. Miller is the owner of --one-- Shares of the Capital Stock of Bedford County Fair Association transferable only on the Books of Corporation in person or by Attorney on surrender of this Certificate. In Witness Whereof, the duly authorized officers of this Corporation have hereunto subscribed their names and fused the corporate Seal to be hereto affixed at Shelbyville this 26th day of Septembre A.D. 1904. SFB Gowan, secretary. JM Shofner, President." An eagle is printed at the bottom of the stock and holds a banner reading "E. Pluribus Unum." The second image is the verso and was printed with brown ink, and is organized into three parts. The verso has a similar border but is more graphic than the front. This side reads "Certificate for Shares of the Capital Stock of Bedford County Fair Association Issued to. Dated. For value received hereby sell transfer and assign to...Shares of Stock within mentioned and hereby authorize...to make the necessary transfer on the Books of the Corporation. Witness...hand and seal this...day of...19...Witnessed by..."

	3 tifs. A photograph of Annie May Hoover, her American Red Cross card, and two badges from the Women's Army Corps. Hoover served with the WAC - Women's Army Corps in WWII, and later worked with Red Cross. The WAC was an auxiliary unit to the Army, begun in 1942, and around 150,000 women served in the WAC and its predecessor. The WAC were the first women to serve in the army other than nurses, and were engaged in international battles as well as serving stateside. The first badge is a brown parallelogram with an eagle inside a circle embroidered on it in goldenrod ink. The second badge is a blue oval containing an embroidered geometric design. The card for the Red Cross was given in 1949 in recognition of Hoover's completion of the Advanced American National Red Cross course and that she would be able to aid the injured in Shelbyville. The card reads "The American National Red Cross Certifies That Annie May Hoover has completed the Advanced course of instruction in First Aid to the injured at Shelbyville, Tennessee. February 4, 1949. Alfred W. Caueenelt Administrator, First Aid, Water Safety and Accident Prevention." The black and white photograph of Annie Mae Hoover shows her as a young woman, with her hair pinned back, wearing a sailor style shirt.

	2 tifs. The first black and white photograph is of an end of a boiler, stamped with the inscription "Eureka Cotton Mills/ 1916/ Englewood Tenn/ Built by The Walsh and Weidner Boiler Co/ Chattanooga Tenn". The second image is of the side of the cotton mills building, with dilapidated windows on the arched brick facade. From the mid-19th century into the first half of the 20th century, Eureka Cotton Mills was a driving force in the economy of Englewood, Tennessee. Around 1915 the town of Englewood had a labor force of 300, and neighborhoods of mill houses were built in the area. The Great Depression forced the closure of Eureka Cotton Mills, but the remains of the factory are still on the site.

	2 tifs. The first image of the Englewood Bottling Works shows five men standing on the porch wearing overalls, aprons and hats. The wooden structure has a large porch and on a taller sign the words "Englewood Bottling Works" have been painted onto clapboard. Through the windows a Coca-Cola symbol can be seen. The second photograph is of the Coca-Cola Englewood Bottling Works. It appears to be the same building as the same photograph, but with a new sign, including the Coca-Cola name and symbol, and in a better state of repair--the woodwork on the front of the store is painted, with the door and window frames in a darker shade than the porch, and the porch roof has been improved. An older man stands on the porch and a young woman in a white dress and an a young man stands at the other end, with the young man on the porch stair. A horse and carriage wait in front of the store with a little boy in a white hat sitting in the shade of the carriage's canopy. Visible behind the store are other small buildings. The Coca-Cola Bottling Works was a major employer in Englewood, Tennessee during the first half of the 20th century.

	The main plant, smokestacks and the railroad can be seen in these two photographs of a furniture manufacturing company in Bristol, Tennessee.

	In the first photograph in this series the water is high enough to float a canoe and partially submerge an automobile, as well as a horse and cart. The Hotel Bristol, located at Cumberland and Moore Streets appears in the background of the picture. The second photograph is of water being pumped out of the basement of the Hotel Bristol. The third photographs depicts two young men sitting on top of their automobile after most of the water had subsided. Many floods in Bristol were caused by the overflowing of Beaver Creek.

	Most of the floods in Bristol, Tennessee/Virginia came from Beaver Creek. These photographs are from State Street in 1917. State Street divides the city of Bristol between Tennessee and Virginia.

	The first two photographs in this series are of the South Holston Dam while under construction. The third photograph features the reservoir created after the dam was built. The South Holston Reservoir is on the South Fork Holston River in northeast Tennessee and extends 24 miles into Virginia. The Tennessee Valley Authority began construction on the dam in 1942 and finished construction in 1950.

	Both pictures in this series are of State Street facing west in Bristol, Tennessee/Virginia. The right-hand side of the street is in Virginia, while the left-hand side of the street is Tennessee. The first photograph was taken in the late 19th century and the second photograph was taken in the mid-20th century. At the time the first photograph was taken, the street was known as "Main Street."

	At the L.C. King Manufacturing Company in downtown Bristol, Tennessee women make overalls and jeans.

	Pictured in three photographs is the Bristol Municipal Stadium in Bristol, Tennessee. The stadium was also known as the Stone Castle, and its construction was completed in 1937 by the Works Progress Administration. The Castle was constructed of limestone quarried from nearby Beaver Creek. It holds approximately 6,000 people and is still used by the football team of Tennessee High School. The Stone Castle, in the style of Medieval Gothic architecture, is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The first and second images depict the building's facade, while the third shows a crowd gathered in the stands by the football field.

	These are two images of aircraft at the Tri-City Airport in Sullivan County, Tennessee. The airport was conceived in 1934 to serve Bristol, Johnson City and Kingsport, Tennessee. Construction started in 1935 on a 323 acre site in Sullivan County. Upon completion in 1937, the airport had two small runways, a terminal building and an aircraft hangar. The first commercial aircraft that landed at the Tri-City Airport was an American Airlines DC-2. American Airlines was a leader early in the industry, but discontinued service to area in 1952.

	This is an image of a large family sitting on the front stairs of a brick home in Bristol, Tennessee. The image includes children sitting in the foreground, and an older figure, possibly a housekeeper (not named on the verso) in the background. The script on the verso reads: 1 - Major Abrams D. Reynolds 2 - Mrs. Serrah Haze Reynolds 3. Richard S. Reynolds (R.S.) 4. Louise Paxem Reynolds 5. Hardin Reynolds 6. Ethel Rumpf-Reynolds 7. Haze Reynolds 8. Scottie Reynolds 9. A. W. Reynolds - (Haze's son) 10 Eleanor Reynolds (" daughter) 11 Will Reynolds (middle row) 12 Clarence Reynolds (front row) 13 Abe Reynolds (middle row) 14 Sue Reynolds Staley [scribbled upon] (front row) 15 T.T. Staley 16 Serrah Reynolds (Haze's daughter)

	These photographs show a parade float made by supporters of the WCTU in Bristol, Tennessee. The women pictured range from the elderly to infants, all dressed in white, and one young boy is also on the float. Many of the women carry parasols, and two carry shepherd's tools. The first image may be of the women who were unable to ride on the float. The float itself is a large truck covered in white ruffles with a platform carrying a globe in its flatbed with the WTCU members. The Women's Christian Temperance Union (WTCU) was begun in Cleveland, Ohio in 1874 with an aim to implement the prohibition of alcohol. The WTCU had branches all over the United States, with the goal of "protection of the home."

	Embreeville, Tennessee is located along the Nolichucky River in the southeastern corner of Washington County. Iron was the main product of the Embreeville mines during the 19th century.

	The Eureka Roller Mills were located in Washington County, Tennessee and processed flour, meal, grains and feeds.

	5 tifs. A brochure for the Emerald-Hodgson Memorial Hospital in Sewanee, Tennessee. The brochure features images of the hospital and nearby residents and appears to have been produced in order to raise funds for the hospital. Emerald-Hodgson Memorial Hospital was founded in 1877, and still operated at the turn of the 21st century. The first image is of the front of the brochure and features at the top a photograph of three men precariously carrying an injured man over a makeshift wooden bridge. Below the men the text "Emerald-Hodgson Memorial Hospital. Sewannee Tennessee" is printed. The second image is a page of five photographs of mountain life. The first image, captioned "A Mountain Home" is a wooden house and picket fence with women standing just behind it. The second image, "Mountain Families," is of two women holding children with a young girl at their side standing by a man in crutches. The third image, "A Hospital Patient," on the bottom left is of a small girl sitting on a porch; the fourth his a man standing wearing a poncho titled "A contemporary," and the fifth is a family sitting around a fire, with the father holding a screaming baby, sharing the caption "Mountain Families." The third page contains images of the hospital, including an operating room a blank square reading "X-ray Department $2,500.00 needed to complete equipment," the obstetrical room and the out-patient clinic. All three images feature clean, tiled rooms with all-white equipment and high beds with white sheets. The outpatient clinic contains a chest of drawers containing medicines. The fourth page features the Children's Ward, the Chapel, the Nurses' Home and a photograph of the Staff group. The children's ward has an image of two white metal beds with white sheets; the chapel is simply a carved metal altar featuring candles and crosses; the Nurses' home is a square building made with a stone facade and hip roof; the staff group photograph is of seven women dressed in white tops and skirts with white hats in front of three men in suits standing on the front stair of the hospital. The final page is an exterior photograph of the hospital, which was a large structure with long windows above an entrance arch with stairs flanked by two smaller arches. Two cars sit out front of the hospital as well.

	2 tifs. A postcard of the Giles County Courthouse in Pulaski, Tennessee sent from Pulaski, Tennessee to Louisville, Kentucky. The black and white photograph of the building shows a street lined with cards in front of a renaissance revival style courthouse, with a colonnaded clock tower atop the building. The entrance is framed with corinthian columns, and the facades of the building are brick arches that frame square windows. The first courthouse was built in 1811, and due to fire the building had to be reconstructed three times. The courthouse was re-built in 1859 by the George Moore and Sons company, and cost nearly $30,000 to complete. It stood through the American Civil War, but suffered much damage. It was constructed again in 1908 at a cost of $133,000. The courthouse was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. The verso reads: "Tuesday AM, Rain all the way thru Nashville. Stopped for the night at Columbia, Tenn. About 50 mi. south of Nashville. Had a nice room in Tourist home. Good luck so far. Love Ada and Ray. Sent to Mrs. C. Kelley and Dorothy in Louisville, KY."

	2 tifs. A postcard of the Giles County Courthouse in Pulaski, Tennessee. The black and white photograph of the building shows people sitting on the stairs and standing in front of the building's entrance arch, which is designed as a temple front. The architectural style of the building is renaissance revival or Beaux-arts style and the courthouse features a colonnaded clock tower atop the building. The entrance is framed with corinthian columns, and the facades of the building are brick arches that frame square windows. The first courthouse was built in 1811, and due to fire the building had to be reconstructed three times. The courthouse built in 1859 by the George Moore and Sons company cost nearly $30,000 to complete. It stood through the American Civil War, but suffered much damage. The courthouse was re-built in 1908 at a cost of $133,000. The building was added to the national register of historical places in 1983. The verso has no message, but lists the publisher as Loyd Drug Co., Pulaski, Tenn. and the Dexter Press, Pearl River, N.Y.

	2 tifs. A postcard of the Giles County Courthouse in Pulaski, Tennessee. The black and white photograph of the building shows the tree lined lot spotted with cars. The building features with a colonnaded clock tower atop a four-sided temple style building, in the Beaux Arts design. The first courthouse was built in 1811, and due to fire the building had to be reconstructed three times. The courthouse built in 1859 by the George Moore and Sons company cost nearly $30,000 to complete. It stood through the American Civil War, but suffered much damage. The building was reconstructed in 1908 at a cost of $133, 000. The courthouse was added to the national register of historical places in 1983. The verso reads "Giles County Court House Pulaski, Tenn. Erected 1908 at cost of $133,000. Reached home at [unknown] and [unknown] Isabels put [unknown]...and regrettable error. Found lots to do will write later. Polly and my [unknown] happy to see us again. Our trip was all around a most pleasurable one and you just don't know how happy [unknown] to see you once again. Mrs A feel for you and yours. You were lovely to see- M-." The time stamp reads: Pulaski June 10 3:30 AM 1935. The printer is listed as Curt Teich and Co., Inc., Chicago, U.S.A. It was mailed with a green one-cent stamp with the profile of Benjamin Franklin.

	2 tifs. A postcard featuring the Pulaski, Tennessee courthouse and the neighboring streets, lined with cars. The courthouse building features a colonnaded clock tower atop a four-sided temple style building, in the Beaux Arts design. The first courthouse was built in 1811, and due to fire the building had to be reconstructed three times. The courthouse built in 1859 by the George Moore and Sons company cost nearly $30,000 to complete. It stood through the American Civil War, but suffered much damage. The building was reconstructed in 1908 at a cost of $133, 000. The courthouse was added to the national register of historical places in 1983. The verso reads "Dear Bill: Here we are again at Pulaski, in the same cabins and every thing. You should of been here with us. We had the most marvelous supper. How's everything with you? Are maneuvers fun. We are still keeping up our physical training. We picked cotton this afternoon in Ala, and Mr. Johnson too our pictures. Love, Rosa." Sent to Pvt. Paul Wm. Moss 35893599 Co. C. 17th Bn 5 Regt. IR.TC. Fort McClellan, Ala U.S. Army. The time stamp reads Nashville, Tenn. Nov. 29 2:30 PM 1943. The stamp is a green one cent stamp featuring a bust of George Washington. It was stamped "Buy War Savings Bond and Stamps."

	2 tifs. A color postcard of a statue of Sam Davis in front of the Giles County Courthouse. The statute features a sculpture of a young man standing defiantly and wearing a hat; it is inscribed with confederate flags and bears plaques with information about Davis and his execution. Davis was known as the "boy hero of the Confederacy," and was a private in the first Tennessee Volunteer infantry in 1861, and was captured in 1863 in possession of Union battle plans. In addition to the monument in Pulaski, there is a statue of Davis at the Tennessee state capitol in Nashville. The verso is blank but lists the information: "Sam Davis, a Confederate Scout of the Civil War, who, at age 21, was executed as a spy at Pulaski, Tenn., Nov. 27, 1863. The Giles County Courthouse in the background." It states the publisher as Southern Post Card Co., P.O. Box 306, Goodlettsville, Tenn.; Pastichrome by Colorpicture Publishers, Inc., Boston 15, Mass. U.S.A.; Color by R. E. Calonge.

	2 tifs. A postcard of a monument of Sam Davis in front of the Giles County Courthouse. The statute features a sculpture of a young man standing defiantly and wearing a hat; it is inscribed with confederate flags and bears plaques with information about Davis and his execution. Davis was known as the "boy hero of the Confederacy," and was a private in the first Tennessee Volunteer infantry in 1861, and was captured in 1863 in possession of Union battle plans. In addition to the monument in Pulaski, there is a statue of Davis at the Tennessee state capitol in Nashville. The postcard reads: "Monument of Sam Davis, Confederate Hero, Pulaski, Tenn." The verso reads: "Dear Ruth, How are you all? We are fine. If nothing happens we are coming to church Sunday and will be out to see you after church. If we don't come you will know we couldn't get a way out. Love, Edith." It was sent to Mrs. Thomas Glover, Route 1, Pulaski, Tennessee. The time stamp reads Pulaski, Tenn. April 17 11:30 AM 1943. The card lists Silvercraft--made by Dexter Press, Pearl River, N.Y. And has a one cent stamp featuring the Statue of Liberty and the words Industry, Agriculture for Defense.

	2 tifs. A postcard of the tomb of Sam Davis at his home in Smyrna, Tennessee. The white marble tomb is in the style of a Greek temple with a semi-circular colonnade around the front door with Sam Davis Memorial engraved above. The building features two bronze plaques with information about Davis as well. Davis was known as the "boy hero of the Confederacy," and was a private in the first Tennessee Volunteer infantry in 1861, and was captured in 1863 in possession of Union battle plans. Upon his capture he was attributed with the statement "If I had a thousand lives to live, I would give them all, rather than betray a friend or my country." The home was preserved at the time of his death and includes the original woodwork and family pieces. The home and grounds were purchased by the state of Tennessee in 1927 and opened for tours in 1930. In addition to his home serving as a monument to Davis, two statues were erected in his honor one in Pulaski, Tennessee and one at the state capitol in Nashville, Tennessee. The verso is blank but lists the Southern Post Card Co., Box 306, Goodlettsville, Tenn. 37072. It describes the monument: "Sam Davis Tomb--Pulaski, Tenn. Doomed by Federals in Civil War because he would not betray a trust. "If I had a thousand live, I'd give them all rather than betray a friend."

	2 tifs. A color on photograph postcard of the Spofford House, in Pulaski, Tennessee where the Ku Klux Klan was organized. The card is a photograph that is painted in fall hues. The street in front of the house is lined with open-air cars, and the house is a brick structure with ornate stone details around the windows and doors. The verso is blank, but bears a green one cent Benjamin Franklin stamp, and the Copyright by Richardson, Pulaski, Tenn.

	2 tifs. A colored photograph of the Martin College for Young Ladies in Pulaski, Tennessee. The card features one of the school's buildings, in the Beaux-Arts style. Below the image the message "Do wish I could be with you. [unknown]...this time." The card was sent to Mrs. T.A. Abernathy of Memphis, Tennessee. There is no room for a message on the back, with the time stamp Pulaski, Tennessee May 7, 4 pm, 1907. It was printed by the TC co. of Chicago. It was sent on a green one cent stamp featuring Benjamin Franklin. The college was founded due to the 1870 endowment of Thomas Martin upon his death. Martin college in Pulaski was chartered in 1872, and built in 1873. The grounds originally covered eight acres and cost $30,000. The school operated as four-year boarding college for women, and became Martin college in 1905 after it became property of the Methodist Church. In 1938 it became co-educational; was integrated in 1966 and accredited in 1995.

	2 tifs. A sepia toned photograph of Martin College in Pulaski, Tennessee. The card shows the campus grounds and the side of a collegiate building with another building hidden by the trees. Below the image "Campus Views, Martin College, Pulaski, Tenn." is written. The verso states that the card was printed by E. C. Kropp Co., Milwaukee, and sent on a green one cent stamp featuring Washington's profile. The card was sent to Mrs. Leila Moore of Shelbyville, Tennessee and the message reads "May you have many more 'Happy Birthdays' is our wish. Susie and Lura Bridges." Martin College was founded due to the 1870 endowment of Thomas Martin upon his death. Martin college in Pulaski was chartered in 1872, and built in 1873. The grounds originally covered eight acres and cost $30,000. The school operated as four-year boarding college for women, and became Martin college in 1905 after it became property of the Methodist Church. In 1938 it became co-educational; was integrated in 1966 and accredited in 1995.

	2 tifs. A postcard of the Robert Jones School in Giles County, Tennessee. The photograph depicts a large square brick building with a central exterior stair below arched windows. The school is surrounded by a line of trees. To the right of the image the text "The Robert Jones School, Lynnville, Tenn." is written. The verso has the text printed "The Robert Jones School Lynnville, Giles County, Tenn. Founded in 1900 by Robert Brevard Jones. Buildings and Equipment, $25,000. Productive Endowment $25,000. Thorough preparation for Classic and Scientific Courses in college. Scientific Agriculture for the farmer's son. Burkholder and Dozier, Principals." The inscription reads, "Hello Vada How are you? Darling. Where did you see [unknown] don't you think he is the stuff." It was written to Miss Vada Spurlook, Gainesboro, Tennessee, and mailed on a green one cent Benjamin Franklin (in profile) stamp. Robert B. Jones school was founded in 1900 as a day school, but A.C. Burkholder and Howard Dozier added buildings for borders and ruined the finances of the school. The school was forced to merge with the Lynnville Academy, and later became the property for a public high school.

	2 tifs. A postcard of the East Side Square, Pulaski, Tennessee. The street scene features a row of shops with storefronts below long, tall windows and buildings above. The street is shared by horses and automobiles, and a few shoppers enter the bank on the end of the block. The card is a black and white photograph with a blue sky added in the background. The time stamp on the front of the card reads Tucson, Ariz. Mar 4 3:30 PM 196-. The verso note reads "there. Clear skies yesterday and today, but rain over the coast. Guess we will get the storm later. The west side of the Sacramento river had gone over its banks - lots of floods. This card must be an 'oldie'. As ever, G." The card was sent to Dorothy Haught in Yuma Arizona after a scratched out address to Tucson. It was published by S. Issacs and Son. Pulaski, Tenn. It was sent on a red two cent stamp featuring Thomas Jefferson and stamped "Fight Infantile Par--- Join March of Dimes." The time stamp reads in part Sacramento, Calif. 1958.

	2 tifs. A black and white postcard of the Park in Pulaski, Tennessee. The image shows a large crows around a central square. A covered seating area is seen in the distance and houses are above the scene in the hills. The words Park, Pulaski, Tenn. is written in red ink above the photograph. The verso note reads, "Hello how are you by this time fine I guess I am alright. Address [unknown] Pulaski, Tn R#3 and I will get it [unknown] will have it to give and for [unknown] sooner. by by James Oakley." It was sent to Miss Jewell Shelby in Wood Lawn Tennessee, and the time stamp reads Pulaski, Tenn. May 14, 4pm. It was sent with a green Benjamin Frankin one cent stamp and printed in Germany.

	Three images of female Nazi collaborators in Vichy, France having their heads shaved on stage in front of a large crowd. French women who assisted or collaborated with Nazis were known as "femmes tondues." After World War II, head-shaving was a common punishment in France and Norway for female Nazi conspirators. The three images are from approximately 1939-1945. On the back of the first image, Warren has written: "These girls have just finished having their hair cut."

	Two images taken in August, 1945 of the B[uuml]rgerbr[auml]ukeller. The B[uuml]rgerbr[auml]ukeller was a beer hall in Munich, Germany used as a gathering place for the Nazi party. In 1923, Hitler used the cellar in an attempt to assume power in the failed "Beer Hall Putsch." In 1939, Georg Elser unsuccessfully tried to assassinate Hitler at the cellar as well. The building was severely damaged during the attempt, and never reconstructed.

	2 tifs. A cancelled check issued by the Bank of Celina, paid to the Gainesboro Telephone Company for fifty cents, from Celina, Tennessee on October 1, 1907. The check is issued for "September toles" and was check number 14 for Geo. [George] W. Stephens. The note is in black ink with ornate text and many blanks for filling in amounts. The verso is stamped three times. The first in blue ink reads "Pay American National Bank, Or Order, Sparta, Tennessee, The Gainesboro Telephone Company. Incorporated." The second blue stamp reads "Pay to the order of Fourth National Bank. Nashville, Tenn. American Nat'l Bank of Sparta, Tenn." A faint red stamp reads " Pay Any Bank or Banker Fourth Nat'l Bank Oct 5 ---- Nashville, Tenn. J.T. Howell, ----." The Celina was founded on March 2, 1895 in Clay County, Tennessee, and continued operation into the 21st century.

	2 tifs. A cancelled check issued by the Bank of Celina, paid to the Gainesboro Telephone Co. for $1.40, from Celina, Tennessee on August 1, 1910. The check is issued for "July Report" and was check number 40 for Geo. [George] W. Stephens. The note is in black ink with ornate text and many blanks for filling in amounts. The check bears a small circular purple stamp reading "Paid Aug 10 1910 Bank of Celina." The verso is stamped three times, the first in purple reading "Gainesboro Telephone Company" with a line for a signature. The second stamp reads "Pay Any Bank or Banker Fourth National Bank Aug 8 1910 Nashville, Tenn. R. B. McHenry, Cashier." The third in blue reads "Pay to the order of Any Bank or Banker First National Bank Cookeville, Tenn. Thos. Mason, Cashier." The Celina was founded on March 2, 1895 in Clay County, Tennessee, and continued operation into the 21st century. The check was printed by Foster-Webb and Parkes, Nashville.

	2 tifs. A check written to W.H. Estes by Cordee Hull on June 24, 1903 for $23.75. The check itself was printed for the Bank of Cookeville, but Cookeville has been scratched out and Celina substituted. The note is in black ink with ornate text and many blanks for filling in amounts. The check number is not filled out. The verso bears two signatures by W.H. Estes and a faint red stamp reading in part "First National Bank Nashville, Tenn." The check was printed by Brandon Printing Co., Nashville. The Celina was founded on March 2, 1895 in Clay County, Tennessee, and continued operation into the 21st century.

	these 10 photographs are titled, "N.B. Hardeman". The pictures show the 85th birthday celebration for N.B. Hardeman, co-founder of Freed-Hardeman University in Henderson, Tennessee. Gov. Buford Ellington is pictured, as is Lyndon and Lady Bird Johnson. The event took place at the Peabody Hotel in Memphis, Tennessee.

	These two images are W.F. Sadler's three shares in the Gainesboro Oil [amp] Gas Company. Each share cost $100. The stock certificate has the seal of the company, as well as several images related to the enterprise: oil derricks, a gushing oil well, a storage silo, a train and a horse-drawn wagon with an oil cylinder.

	This stock certificate records John A. Swan's purchase of five shares of stock at one dollar each in the Roaring River Telephone Company. The certificate listed the location as Nashville, Tennessee, but this has been crossed out and Cookeville written in its place.

	Two views of a ridgetop railroad tunnel in Roberston County, TN.

	From Van Latimar to his sister, Mary Latimar of Marston, Mo. He was a student Cumberland University at the time.

	Published by Southern Postcard Co. Goodlettesville, Tennessee; Back says: "In the heart of Leeville," "Good Country Cookin", lists items for sale. Orginal store for the successful restaurant chain, founded in 1969.

	Lebanon, Tennessee, off Interstate 40, east of Nashville 30 miles. Known as Cedar City and antique mecca. Town square and Civil War General Robert Hatton. James Eward Center site of community activities, conventions, Wilson County Fair, Fiddlers Grove.

	Postcard of the Horn Springs Hotel and Resort, Lebanon, Tenn. Verso side reads, Horn Springs Hotel is now over a hundred years old and still carries on the old Southern atmosphere where vacations can be relaxing and comfortable. The analyses of the Springs are like those of Carlsbad, Czecho Slovakia. 25 miles east of Nashville, 5 miles west of Lebanon. Ownership management. Owned by Dr. R.D. Wilkinson of Lebanon.

	Bank note from Richmond, Virginia; engraved by Keatinge and Ball, Columbia, South Carolina; Printed by B. Duncan, Richmond, Virginia.

	Bank note from Richmond, Virginia; Printed by Boyer and Ludwig; Richmond, Virginia.

	Bank note printed by Keatinge and Ball of Columbia, South Carolina; images of slaves working in a field; John C. Calhoun.

	This group of photographs is titled, "African-Americans in Memphis". The pictures show people at a variety of work, sporting and social activities.

	These photographs are titled, "Memphis Jubilee" and are from a collection of Ethyl Venson (Memphis, Tenn.) Her husband started Jubilee and she was first queen. These photos are all from 1 scrapbook. There isn't any information linked to individual photos. The photographers, when identified, are listed. 1. Ernest C. Withers (EW) 1963, 2. R. Earl Williams (RW)1950, 3.RW likely 1963, 4.RW 1949, 5.EW circa 1950-60, 6.RW 1951, 7.EW 1959, 8.EW 1963, 9.EW 1963?, 10.EW?, 11.RW Miss Venson on left?, 12., 13.RW?, 14.RW 1951, 15.RW?, 16.RW 1951, 17.RW 1951, 18.EW? 1963, 19.1963 Memphis Jubilee King and Queen. Jubilee history:(from,www.memphiskemetjubilee.com/history) "Memphis and various social organizations celebrated its success in the cotton industry during the early 1900s. In March 1934, Dr. R.Q. Venson, then a dentist on Beale Street, took his wife's nephew to view the Cotton Carnival Parade. When his nephew pointed out that . . . the Negroes were horses, Dr. Venson decided to request that Negroes be allowed to participate fully in the parade. His request was not taken seriously during this time of segregation, and he was challenged to organize a Negro festival. Dr. Venson knew that Memphis' celebration of the cotton industry needed to be more. If it were not for the contributions of African slaves and later contributions of African Americans, the cotton industry could not have become the success it was then, and as we know it today.

	This composition does not have a publication date listed. However, because it is included in a bound volume of sheet music once owned by Miss Nora Gardner of Tennessee, and the range of dates of publication for the music included in this volume is from 1859 through 1866, the publication date of this piece is inferred to be 1864. Also, an advertisement is printed on the back of the cover sheet, which lists letters to the publisher that are all dated 1864.

	This is a published work of receipts, or recipes, for treatment of a variety of injuries and diseases, including whooping cough, snake bite, sprained ankles, cholic, and fever. The work was written by John Mackentosh, a Doctor of the Cherokee Nation, and appears to have been published in New York, 1827.

	Explains that the writer left Tennessee because it was dangerous for a Yankee who had been involved in the hanging of Ferguson. Expression of surprise that Stokes, a notoriously bad man, has great influence in Congress. Hopes to receive payment of a claim against the government after which the writer could bring his family to New Hampshire.

	Tade strongly urges that Eaton`s influence be used in the removal of Kirby, a Copperhead, who is using his salary from the government to publish a newspaper opposed to the administration. Has written Stokes and Smith on the matter. Notes the writer`s losses in loaning money to teachers.

	L.B. is gratified to hear of John`s installation and speculates that the Freedmen`s Bureau will eventually come under his administration. L.B. gives an account of Lewis`s exertions for the party which resulted in victory for McLean, Taft, and Reilly. He strongly criticizes the plan to place Nashville and Memphis in one district and Knoxville in another. L.B. names those that he as appointed in various counties. Letterhead reads "Office of the U.S. Marshall, District of West Tennessee, Memphis, Tenn."

	Stilwell reports a disaster for Republican candidates in Gibson county and the election of rebels to all offices. He wonders about the possibility of aid from the federal government and the passage of a bill which would curb rebel power.

	This telegraphed letter from 3 authors to John Eaton was sent in the care of W.F. Prosser. The authors state that at a public meeting in Nashville speakers declared reconstruction should be resisted with arms and those assisting it would be marked men.

	Hale mentions Ku Klux Klan outrages in Tennessee and the impression this creates in Northerners.

	Stilwell talks of the hopeful news from Washington concerning the possibility that reconstruction will be brought to Tennessee. He has sent General Smith information on the Ku Klux Klan which will aid in stamping it out. Stilwell questions the attempt of the Republican State Committee to establish a newspaper with funds "donated" by government employees and wonders why he was not informed of the recent Republican convention in Nashville. He asks Eaton`s help in securing a raise in salary.

	Merwin praises Eaton`s past service with the Department of Education and the Freedmen`s Bureau, Toledo schools, and Tennessee schools. He specifically praises Eaton`s efficiency, industry, and administrative ability.

	Brownlow says the Democrats will try to win the Presidential election by carrying the South with the help of the Ku Klux Klan and by carrying New York by fraud. Brownlow is for the re-election of President Grant and the union of the states. Written on United States Senate letterhead.

	This is a letter from R.M.Moore in Knoxville, TN to J.D. McAdoo in Clinton, TN telling him about his college life and how he is sick with a bad headache.

	Report "To the Board of Directors of the Tenn. Consol[idated] Lead Mining Co." on the Gamble and Carter properties in Fork Creek, Tennessee, signed by James V. Symons, John Dowding, Wm. Symons, Sr., Wm. W Symons, with cost of labor written on back, March 1850.

	1 tif. A letter written on March 22, 1900 from P.H. Walker in Cleveland, Tennessee to Judge J.B. Frazier in Chattanooga, Tennessee which details Walker`s opinions about world events at the turn of the century. The letter reads, "Dear Sir, Your favor of yesterday has been read in which you inquire how I stand on the great political questions now before the American people. I hasten to let you know. I am in favor of the Chicago platform in full and favor giving the Fillipino [sic] independence and protection as soon as they can establish a stable government. I favor our government building the Nicaraguan canal without delay. I am opposed to a large standing army, Imperialism, Trusts, and the Puerto Rican tariff bill. Very truly, P.H. Walker." The letter was written on lined paper imprinted with Walker`s name and Cleveland, Tennessee.

	A petition from citizens of Tullahoma, Tennessee to James B. Frazier in Washington, D.C. with 21 signatures to "request" that Senator Frazier use his influence to "further such legislation as will protect `Dry` territory from the shipment of liquor from other states".

	Letter from Luke Lea a banker at the Bank of the State of Tennessee to Capt. John A. Rodgers regarding payments for a judgement against him in Hawkins County and a judgement against him by the Branch Bank at Jonesborough and the balance on the judgement.

	Discusses candidates for political office and the number of candidates from Cocke County, Hamblin, Hawkins, Greene County, Washington, and Center.

	An accounting on a printed form of the strength and condition of the 34th Regiment of the Militia of Tennessee for the year 1816, commanded by Colonel Joseph Nevie, which includes the numbers of companies, their commanders and an accounting of arms and ammunition.

	This is a letter written by J Hemmingway in Lexington, KY, to Ferguson of Lenoir advising him that he has sent Mr. Cunningham to Ferguson on horse with $150.

	Letter from Obergefrieter Heini Ackermann, a prisoner at Camp Forrest, Tennessee, a WWII Prisoner of War Camp, to his wife, Melitta Ackermann, in Germany. November 9, 1943.

	Description of J. Crozier Ramsey`s funeral and burial in Gray Cemetary in Knoxville, TN with the sermon held at First Presbyterian Church.

	Discusses Brownlow`s recent speaking engagements, including one at an agricultural fair in Orleans County, NY and one in Grove Park, and his travel plans.

	Discussion of Knoxville newspapers, Brownlow and law suit concerning Baxter. Also references that the people of Knoxville are beginning to forget and forgive war time troubles.

	Complains of Hawkins` assigning the post of assessor to his brother and also touches on Brownlow`s nepotism. Assesses the strength of Senter and Stokes, one of whom will be Republican gubernatorial candidate. Laments the fact that Ku Klux Klan members are not prosecuted and fears the results when guardsmen are withdrawn. Lengthy discussion of the choice of a candidate for state legislature in the writer`s area, including thoughts on becoming a candidate himself, Hall`s surprising decision to seek the office, and the current opposition to Roach. Believes Hawkins to be behind an editorial urging that McDowell replace Eaton.

	Stilwell tells of the raids made by the Ku Klux Klan on former unionists and on African-Americans.

	McDowell reports to Eaton on the failure of the graded schools and says that he has been visited by the Ku Klux Klan.

	Discussion of Thomas` arrest of a wealthy farmer for the murder of his Negro servant and the protest raised by the white people of Vicksburg against this action.

	Asks for clarification of a bill which has just been introduced to the state legislature, proposing to reduce the number of justices for Shelby County and affecting other officers. Reports that a resolution concerning elections has been killed in the Brownlow Council.

	Plans to come to Nashville within several days. Long discussion of state politics in which he mentions that he feels he can win in spite of great opposition. Warning to be careful of Tomeny, Beaumont, and their friends. Remarks concerning Judge Smith`s desire to be mayor. References throughout to an unspecified crisis which is impending.

	States that wet weather is having a bad effect on those already ill in Memphis. Remarks concerning his need for money. Attended a meeting, probably concerning the coming political campaign with mention of possible candidates. Expresses the belief that their paper should get ahead of the Bulletin by coming out first in support of Brownlow and Grant for vice president and president.

	Comments on the publication of the Bulletin as a radical paper to begin within a few days. Passes on news regarding the format of the new paper and the rumor that Brownlow will give it official printing. Favors an alliance with Smith, Hunger, Lewis, and Nunn. Urges John to see that Brownlow and Nunn foil the plans of Beaumont and H.G. Smith. News of the operation of the Post.

	Asks Eaton to inform him of the status of bills regarding county commissioners and a committee concerned with damages suffered by loyal citizens during the war. Expression of hope that President Johnson will be "disposed of" by Congress and that Union men in the writer`s area may live under more favorable conditions.

	Things are going well for them politically in Memphis. Asks Eaton to urge Hamilton to run for an unspecified office, pointing out his popularity and strength. States his support of General Smith for mayor of Memphis. Beaumont owes his position to Hamilton and Fitch who are beginning to tire of his insolence.

	News of a criticism of Dr. Shaw at a meeting of colored people. Various items of news concerning politics in Memphis.

	Regrets being unable to attend the convention. Discussion of the poor financial picture of the Tennessee state treasury; money designated for teachers has been used to pay off interest on state bonds. Concludes that no help can be expected from the federal government.

	Tells of their divided Republican party in Memphis, pointing out the weakness of the faction headed by Beaumont, Tomeny, and Fitch and Nunn`s blindeness in allying himself with them. Observes that Mitchell and his friends favor rebel enfranchisement and oppose a militia law for the protection of loyal men. Scolds Eaton for failing to recognize their political enemies for what they are.

	Long and passionate discussion of the growing lawlessness and power among ex-rebels in Tennessee. Lays responsibility for the situation upon former Confederate commanders who are deceiving the state legislature. Urges that the legislature not be allowed to adjourn until provisions are made for the safety of loyal citizens. Foresees a conflict at the time of the November election when the issues of enfranchising former rebels and use of the state militia will be keenly felt.

	Lewis discusses the affair with Rutter and remarks on Rutter`s abnormal behavior and his attempt to implicate Eaton and others in matters concerning the bank. Observes that the investigation of the bank scandal is becoming injurious to them. Mentions the impatience shown by negroes and the difficult task of leading them.

	Informs him of the writer`s progress in his attempt to secure letters of recommendation for the Marshalcy. Tells of the enragement of Memphis`s Ku Klux Klan because of the arrest of Earle and a week full of insults and danger for Union men. Describes incidents in which the writer and Lewis were involved and refers to Charlie`s fear and the need for martial law in Memphis. Touches on Horace`s plans to obtain the post of superintendent.

	Suggests that Horace Maynard would be an excellent choice for an important position, such as that of Supreme Court Justice or ambassador. Cites Maynard`s long and honorable career as a lawyer and U.S. Congressman and points out that his appointment to a high post would hasten the healing of the breach between the North and the South.

	Discussion of the writer`s attempt to have his son made Local Agent of the Mails and his hope of having the present agent removed because of sympathy with the rebels. Reveals the fear that Hawkins and Fowler will attempt to have the writer removed and asks Eaton to use his influence to prevent this.

	Document is a blank Teacher`s Certificate for Tennessee Free Schools. The certificate includes a table in which to record "grades of attainment" for various subjects, including arithmetic, spelling. geography, and several others.

	Harkness will arrange a mass meeting for Eaton if he comes to Delaware where he can speak on public education. He lists five obstacles to public education in Delaware. Wealthy families use of private school and teachers who are in private schools are not interested in public education. There is opposition to establishing a State Normal Scholl and public high school. General apathy and the rule of the aristocracy who wish to maintain their positions by keeping the mass of the people ignorant are the other reasons named.

	Stilwell has just learned that Congress has decided to pay claims of loyal citizens for war time damages and inquires as to how claims are to be filed. He urges Eaton to use his influence to see that original claims in the State Secretary`s office are honored. Stilwell notes that a commission may be formed to investigate claims and would like to be on this commission. He expresses happiness that Eaton`s labors are receiving recognition.

	L.B. Eaton gives a detailed account of a murder in Somerville and a conflict between the U.S. government and the state government which grew out of the arrest of the murderer. L.B. tells how he prevented violence between state and federal authorities by rushing troops to Somerville and arresting all the offenders.

	Rev. Mayo reports of his work in Tennessee at Central Tennessee College and tells of a projected trip through Mississippi and Louisiana.

	In this letter to his brother, L.B. is glad to see that Congress has taken favorable action toward the Bureau of Education. He discusses his own financial situation at length and comments on inter-family finances. He mentions the migration of African-Americans to Mississippi and the situation in Memphis concerning orphans.

	In this letter to his brother, Charles states he believes that education is the key to the future of African-Americans and that Southern prejudice is based on religion. He mentions Mrs. Shirley`s visit to the Eatons and John and Alice`s fine children. He tells of his investments and writing. He says that Fred and Mary Eaton are leaving for New York.

	Garnes has written a letter of introduction for Lloyd Welch, chief of the Eastern Cherokee who is visiting Washington in an attempt to prevent frauds practiced upon his people. Garnes notes Eaton`s deep interest in helping Indians.

	Complimentary ticket for John Eaton to attend the International Exhibition in Philadelphia which began on May 10th of 1876 and ended on November 10th of 1876. The exhibition celebrated the centennial of the United States. It is addressed to the Hon. John Eaton, Board of U.S. Exhibits in the Interior Department.

	Marble has sent a note and a copy of the resolution proposed at the state Republican convention deploring the treatment of loyal Southerners and advocating a national program of education to be prevent such outrages in the future.

	Andrews thanks Eaton for his attention towards Andrew`s father. He reports that Callie Eaton and Christina Eaton have left for their trip to New Hampshire. Andrews says that the civil rights bill has created strong prejudice against public schools and fears that a Republican will not be sent to Congress from their district because of loss of Irish support.

	L.B. Eaton encloses letters from Nathan Eaton and Nathan`s wife, Fannie that indicate they may separate. L.B. hints at what measures they will take concerning Nathan. He gives a detailed picture of the political mood in Memphis, concluding that Grant`s strength is great among African Americans and Democrats. he relates news of his accounts for the Marshall`s office.

	Andrews inquires why Eaton is not among those to be given salary increases and urges him to press for a raise. He relates news of a dedication of an African-American school which will have Barham as its principal.

	Tells of knowledge of a pack of Wild Cats, siezing spirits and hauling it down the mountain, nuisances, and the business of siezing.

	Bryant criticizes the new Civil Service requirements and the test that he must pass in order to be named assessor.

	Bosson laments the state of Tennessee`s public schools, the failure of the last legislature to take any action regarding education and inefficiency of the county system.

	Clark hopes that the Freedmen`s Bureau will be put under Eaton`s control without delay. He warns that the old Bureau staff, all except Howard, are antagonistic toward Eaton and the budget will be lean. He speaks of the importance of education of the Indians, and his hope that funds for this will be under Eaton`s control.

	Carpenter offers congratulations on Eaton`s appointment with a hopeful note concerning the future of education in the country. Carpenter reports that his school, Lookout Mountain Educational Institution, is progressing nicely. On the opposite side of the personal note is an image of the school and current information about the school, such as the faculty, associated of costs and the "character" of the school.

	The letter relates the writer`s New Hamphire birth and his moving and settling in Fentress County, Tennessee, where he prospered from his farm and mill. It tells of a speech given by Horace Maynard in Fentress County before the outbreak of the war and the temper of the people in the community at the time. The letter then proceeds with a long detailed account of the writer`s wartime service with Union forces as a scout under General Thomas in Tennessee and Kentucky, involving many small instances of bravery and treachery and encounters with the enemy through four years of war. Records the mistreatment of the writer`s family and the burning of his farm by rebels and the hatred of him which is still strong in his community. Some events are written up and signed by those who eitnessed them. The letter is incomplete. Only 12 or the 27 pages remain.

	At the Cumberland County Convention the previous day, the writer nominated Eaton to represent them in the legislature. The former tells Eaton of the very strong opposition displayed by Harriman and Mullinix, warning him that these men are avowed enemies of both free schools and of Eaton.

	Stilwell discusses the alarming bitterness again the school law, the lack of confidence in the state, and the groeing impatience of teachers who have not been paid. Queries Eaton as to when payment can be expected and urges the Financial Board not deny the 1868 fund to teachers. Warns that there will be no schools if teachers` salaries are not paid.

	Expresses disappointment in lack of action by the writer`s county convention and his belief that people are equally divided between Senter and Stokes and that his county will vote for Eaton. Declares support of Senter, but expresses disappointment in Senter`s failure to deal firmly with the Ku Klux Klan. Fears that Hall will be chosen as floater candidate unless leaders in Carroll and Henry Counties are warned. Discusses the likelihood of the writer becoming the floater candidate.

	Demands that Eaton send money for the teachers, observing that the political future of Tennessee depends on this. Senator Nelson is using the failure to pay teachers to arouse people against the free schools. Colonel Miller was nominated by Washington County Convention.

	Letter is marked "Private." Stilwell suggests that Eaton make strong resolutions at the gubernatorial convention aimed at clarifying Republican principles. Names men who have abandoned party principles for personal gain. The writer will attend the convention as a proxy delegate. Stresses support for Senter but discloses widespread resentment against Senter in the writer`s area because of his failure to punish the Ku Klux Klan. Regrets the fact that the courts do not deal justly with rebels or Negroes. Laments the writer`s petty position as postmaster.

	Stilwell shares his thoughts on the sudden change in the stand of the Republican party which now favors enfranchisement of rebels and the possible results of this.

	Charles D. McGuffey, a school superintendent, writes John Eaton to discuss an African-American school in Anderson County that is supported by a New York society. There are plans for establishing two more similar school that will be supported by a Northern charity, but the teachers will be supplied by the state. McGuffey is disappointed that Eaton does not plan to run for re-election.

	Wilcox reports the opening of both African-American and white schools in the Knoxville area and the closing of some African-American schools because of lack of funds. Wilcox expects the financial aid from sources in the North and East for African American colored schools without sufficient public funds. Wilcox says that "a dark cloud passed over the school horizon" the previous day.

	Account of a political trip during which the writer found much indifference to campaign issues. Predicts Democratic victory and Pendleton`s election. Mention of Garfield and Hayes.

	Stilwell writes to tell Eaton that he loaned $1000 of school money to Mitchell who lost it in a business venture. He implores Eaton not to make this information public at the present time. Stilwell describes other personal financial losses through carelessness and thanks Eaton for his offer of help in educating Stilwell`s son. He discusses the current gloomy outlook for Republicans in Tennessee, with news of an increasingly active Ku Klux Klan and the registering of all former rebel soldiers and officers in his county. Stilwell fears the Klan will punish him for his attitude toward Senter.

	Pomeroy desires Eaton`s help in replacing Gaw as civil engineer in charge of Tennessee River development in Chattanooga. Gaw is only moderately qualified and is a Copperhead. Weitzel is in charge of these appointments but would be influenced by his superiors in Washington. Reminder that the writer has had experience in work on canals, rivers, and railroads. Will attend a meeting for the reorganization of their party in Nashville.

	Reminds the members of the legislature that a new secretary of state must be chosen by them. Reverses an earlier decision and offers himself as candidate for re-election.

	Expresses happiness at Grant`s nomination of Eaton as Commissioner of Education and does not doubt that Congress will approve it. Offers himself as a candidate for any appointment which Eaton may have power to make. Has been forced to leave his job as principal in Nashville because of his Northern background. Reminds Eaton that the writer was educated at Dartmouth and fought for the Union.

	Tells of the boldness of the Ku Klux Klan in the writer`s community. Gives a detailed account of the mistreatment of Medlin by the Klan and his escape. Mention of several other incidents. Urges appointment of Nolen as census taker in the writer`s county.

	Letter of introduction for William L. Avery who participated in the rebellion and who hopes to have citizenship restored. Letterhead reads, "Lewis [amp] Craig, Attorneys at Law."

	Baker requests a letter of company and regiment giving his date of enlistment and discharge so that he may apply for a position. Baker states that he and Temple served in the same Regiment in 1836 during the Cherokee War.

	This is a political letter written by John Bell Brownlow to O.P. Temple that talks about Johnson`s Presidency and the "whig" party.

	This document is a receipt for payment of one hundred dollars and fifty cents to Timothy Meigs for delivering various goods to the Cherokee Indians. Return J. Meigs, agent for the War department, made the payment on behalf of the United States.

	This document is a receipt for payment of sixty eight dollars for Eunototah, a Cherokee, for his horse which was stolen by a white man. Payment was made by Return J. Meigs, agent for the War Department.

	This document is a receipt for payment of sixty dollars for a stolen horse. George Colville, administrator of the estate of George Barber Davis, collected the payment from Return J. Meigs, agent for the War Department.

	This document is an invoice of money due Return J. Meigs by the United States covering the months October 1st through December 31st 1809. Meigs worked as agent to the War Department and agent for the Cherokee Indians.

	This document is a receipt for payment of two hundred and fifty dollars given to Lieutenant Thomas Vaughn for possible expenses occurred while his Company marched from Highwassee, Tennessee to Savannah, Georgia. Return J. Meigs, agent for the War Department delivered the money for the Secretary of War.

	This document is a receipt for payment of sixteen dollars and twenty-five cents to James Carey for building expenses. Return J. Meigs, agent for the War Department in Tennessee made the payment on behalf of the United States.

	This document is a receipt for one hundred and thirty bushels of corn for the Cherokee Nation. Samuel Riley delivered the corn on behalf of Return J. Meigs, agent to the Cherokees.

	This document is a letter to Return J. Meigs, agent of the War department from William P. Anderson. Anderson asks that Meigs help a Mr. Barclay with a business enterprise in Cherokee territory.

	This document is a receipt for payment of twelve dollars to Richard Beardon for carrying supplies to the Cherokee Indians from Knoxville, Tennessee to Southwest Point.

	This document is a receipt for payment of $50.00 to Samuel Hall for 50 bushels of corn furnished to the Cherokee Indians in 1806. Return J. Meigs, agent for the War Department in Tennessee made the payment on behalf of the United States.

	This document is a receipt for payment of $50.00 to Daniel McCoy for 20 spinning wheels made for the Cherokee Indians. Return J. Meigs, agent for the War Department in Tennessee made the payment on behalf of the United States.

	This document is a receipt for payment of three dollars to John Browder for repairs done for the Cherokee Indians. Return J. Meigs, agent for the War Department in Tennessee made the payment on behalf of the United States.

	This document is a letter written by Henry Dearborn, Secretary of War, to Return J. Meigs, Agent to the War Department. Dearborn instructs Meigs to provide a horse and safe passage to Missouri for a Captain Randal.

	This document is a receipt for the salaries of Samuel Hanson and Thomas Hayword paid by the Secretary of War, Henry Dearborn. Hanson and Hayword worked to settle the accounts of an Indian Factory the months of May and June 1803.

	This document is a receipt for payment of three dollars and fifty cents to Ransom Davis for tobacco. Return J. Meigs, agent for the War Department in Tennessee made the payment on behalf of the United States.

	This document is a receipt for payment of three dollars and fifty cents to Nancy Tarwater for forage. Return J. Meigs, agent for the War Department in Tennessee made the payment on behalf of the United States.

	This document is a receipt for five dollars, paid to Lewis Tarwater for provisions and forage. Return J. Meigs, agent for the War Department made the payment on behalf of the United States.

	This document is a receipt for payment of seventy-five cents to Joseph R. Henderson. Return J. Meigs, agent for the War Department in Tennessee made the payment on behalf of the United States.

	This document is a receipt for goods lost, and payment of their value to Thomas N. Clark by Return J. Meigs, on behalf of the United States.

	This document is a spoliation claim made by Lillecocker of the Creek Nation. The claim states that U.S. troops killed a cow worth six dollars while passing through the Creek Nation. The claim is signed by Return J. Meigs, agent to the Cherokee Nation.

	This document is a report on the third quarter of annuities for 1820 owed to the Cherokee Indians. The document is signed by Return J. Meigs, agent to the Cherokees, on behalf of the United States.

	This document, dated February 9, 1841 is an inventory of property, belonging to Sarah Mosley of the Cherokee Nation East of the Mississippi, that was taken from her between 1829 and 1832 by European settlers.

	This document is a spoliation claim of John Vann concerning property taken from him by white man citizens of the United States. The property taken from him include both livestock and household items totaling $2237.87 in value.

	This document is a claim dated September 5, 1838 made by Nawatta (also called Grits) to the United States to recover the value of six horses that were stolen by a white man in 1830.

	This document, dated August 30, 1838, is a claim by Harry Vann of Hightower towards the United States regarding acreage and those goods needed to build on a home and surrounding land.

	This document is a spoliation claim dated May 23, 1838, by the United States to Black Fox for improvements made to the land he owned before he was removed by the US authorities. The case was referred to Major General Scott for settlement.

	This is a testimonial given by Alexander McCoy concerning the rendering of services by Henry L. Sims to the Cherokee.

	This note, dated December 15, 1836, concerns payment of legal fees for services rendered in the courts of Tennessee.

	This document, dated September 21, 1836, is a certified statement by George M. Lavender concerning the average per day income of a ferry where he had resided for several years.

	This document, dated September 20, 1836, is a certified statement made by William Childers concerning the average per day income of a ferry that he ran for several years.

	This document is a sworn statement given by William H. Thomas. Thomas claims he was employed by Rebecca Starritt in 1838 to help her receive compensation for improvements to her land. Thomas also states that he failed to obtain compensation for Rebecca Starritt.

	This document is the sworn statement of William Henson, dated November 1, 1843. Mr. Henson swears that he knew an Indian named Grub who sold land in Union County, Georgia to Rebecca Starritt, formerly Rebecca Henson.

	This document is a sworn statement dated November 3, 1843 given by David Taylor and Gideon Morgan regarding the marriage of Rebecca Henson, of Cherokee descent, and Preston Starritt.

	This document is a claim made by Rebecca Starritt to receive the value of improvements made on property she claims to have owned during the Treaty of 1835 and 1836.

	This document is a letter dated April 9th 1834 to the Cherokee Delegation from several members of the Cherokee Nation regarding people who are not of Cherokee descent occupying and claiming land within the Cherokee Nation.

	This note, dated December 16, 1836 is in reference to a murder trial in McMinn County, Tennessee. The accused murderers, James Foreman and Anderson Springstin were both Cherokee Indians. The victim, John Walker Jr. was also a native. Springstin and Foreman employeed E.M. Churchill and Spencer Jarnigan to defend them and the case was sent to the United States Supreme Court.

	This document, dated July 27, 1820, is a legal claim concerning a legal suit brought against Joseph Tompson by William Cochrine. Tompson was sued by Cochrine over money he owed to Cochrine in the amount of 250.00.

	This is a claim made by the Cherokee Nation towards the President and people of the United States. This claim involved the Cherokee paying a sum of two thousand dollars to the President in return for the maintenance of roads between Tennessee and Georgia.

	This is a claim directed towards Col. R.J. Meigs regarding a stolen horse.

	This document, dated October 5, 1838, is a petition from William Smith, Sally Bank, Cut Bread, Big Ratlinggoard, The Bank, and Laugh at Mush. The petition concerns the proceeds and net income of a Turnpike and main gate on the road from the Head of Coosa to Alabama. The petition also discusses the fact that when the laws of Alabama were extended to cover a portion of the Cherokee country, these petitioners were dispossessed of ownership of the Turnpike and main gate.

	This document is a sworn statement given by William Reid regarding six head of cattle killed by white men in November of 1823. Reid requests 72.00 dollars in compensation from the United States Government.

	This document is a spoliation claim made by Edward and Sarah Graves requesting that the United States government pay them the sum of forty-eight dollars for 12 hogs that were killed by troops under the command of General White during the Creek War.

	This document is a letter dated January 21, 1836 from Lewis Ross to Lewis Cass, Secretary of War. Ross has been asked to move from the Agency Reservation that he has lived on since 1820. Ross explains that he was moved to his current residence by Agent Return J. Meigs and believed it to be his permanent home. Ross further writes that he has invested thousands of dollars in improvements to his home and begs for the opportunity to stay.

	This is an order by the Secretary of War and signed by Judge Browns concerning the return of stolen property to one Ambrose Harnage, ostensibly Cherokee. The order was carried out by Hugh Montgomery, agent to the Cherokees.

	This is a letter, dated December 13, 1824, from Charles Hicks to Colonel James G. Williams concerning a list, taken by the Cherokee Commissioners, on Cherokee who claimed pay for improvements they made to their lands.

	This document, dated October 2, 1824, contains instructions given to Alexander McCoy and Nathaniel Hicks by Charles R. Hicks for dealing with Cherokee who claim compensation for improvements they made on their lands.

	This document is a legal agreement between Rhea County in Tennessee and Lewis Ross, Thomas Kelly, and Miller Frances to operate a ferry on the Highwassee River dated May 1st 1820.

	This is a copy of a letter dated April 22, 1818 from Return J. Meigs of the Cherokee Agency to John C. Calhoun requesting the sum of $3472.00 for payment to John and Lewis Ross for expenditures in the Cherokee Agency. Following is a copy of a notice from John C. Calhoun approving the payment.

	This is a letter, dated January 29, 1817 to Colonel Return J. Meigs, Cherokee Agent, from David Parkhill concerning accusations of injustice leveled against him by a group of Cherokee. The letter also discussed Parkhill`s concerns that a Mr. Gambill was trying to take his place.

	This document is a spoliation claim regarding fourteen hogs belonging to Tetoneskee that were stolen by the Tennessee Militia.

	This letter, dated May 27, 1816 was written to Col. Return J. Meigs, agent to the Cherokee Indians from William H. Crawford concerning the government purchase of Cherokee lands for a sum of twenty thousand dollars. Compensation to be given to the Cherokee in return for the lands are also outlined in the letter.

	This document is a letter from Charles Hicks to the Quartermaster at Camp Ross requesting one hundred and forty bushels of corn for the people of Durt town to be paid out of their annuities.

	This is a letter dated May 6, 1814 from Cherokee leader Charles Hicks to Colonel Return J. Meigs concerning a number of topics including the requesting of supplies and corn for food.

	This document is a receipt dated March 31st 1814 from the United States government to Timothy Meigs, agent for the Cherokee Indians, for various articles for encouragement of agriculture and manufacturing.

	This letter, dated September 30, 1813, is from John Lenley to Col. Return J. Meigs. In the letter, Lenley asks Meigs to convince the Cherokee to become enemies with the Creek in the interest of protecting the white settlers living in the frontier.

	This document appears to be a letter to Return J. Meigs dated July 23, 1813 composed by several Cherokee chiefs at the request of Pathkiller, the principal chief, to inform Meigs of the growing Creek civil war. The letter tells that the town of Tooquachee (Toocabatchee) in the Creek Nation, where four different tribes of Indians once held friendly conferences, has been taken from Creek chief Big Warrior and destroyed. While Big Warrior is considered a "friendly" Creek, the letter states that the majority of Creek Nation has gone against him to join the rebel party. The Cherokees indicate that they have information that one of the prophets partly responsible for the uprising has escaped to the Choctaw Nation. Included is a warning from Big Warrior to the Cherokees to arm themselves against the rebellious Creeks along their borders.

	This document is an invoice and a receipt for merchandize delivered to the Cherokee Indians March 13, 1813 by John Ross.

	This legal report consists of a list of names of men who were present and involved in the shooting of two Cherokee men, Dick Benge and Jacket, in the vicinity of Battle Creek on or around January 24, 1813.

	This is an invoice of merchandise forwarded to a section of the Cherokee who were removed to the river Arkansas. The merchandise, given by the United States government, covered a wide range of items from fabrics to hatchets to kitchen utensils. These goods were received by John Ross from Colonel Return J. Meigs.

	This letter, from Secretary of War William Eustis to Colonel Elias Earle, discusses the desire of Colonel Earle to establish an Ironworks in the Cherokee Nation. Eustis asks Colonel Earle to select another piece of land for the possible establishment of the Ironworks because the previous tract of land has been designated, by treaty, as a site for the Cherokee chiefs and warriors. Eustis also tells Colonel Earle that Colonel Meigs has been instructed to help in this selection of new land.

	This is a copy of a letter from Major James Holland to Elias Earle dated March 28, 1812. Holland discusses the establishment of an iron works factory in the Cherokee Nation and briefly outlines the grounds on which the land for the factory was to be obtained by Earle.

	This document dated March 13, 1813 is an invoice for seven hundred and fifty dollars worth of merchandise for the Cherokees who removed to the area of the Arkansas River. These goods, which are mainly textiles are a portion of the annuity due the Cherokees for the year 1811. The merchandise was received by U.S. Agent to the Cherokee Return J. Meigs, delivered by John Ross, signed by several Cherokees.

	This document dated March 13, 1813 is an invoice for seven hundred and fifty dollars worth of merchandise from Return J. Meigs, federal agent to the Cherokees, given to interpreter Samuel Riley to be delivered to those Cherokee who had emigrated west to the Arkansas River. These goods, which are mainly clothing and fabrics, constitute a portion of the federal annuity promised to the Cherokees for the year 1811.

	This document is a letter dated April 10, 1806 from Colonel Elias Earle to Return J. Meigs, agent for Indian affairs. Earle informs Meigs that an unnamed treaty recently signed with the Cherokees has not been ratified and speculates that the failure is attributable to an inaccurate map of the United States. Earle mentions a memorial sent by [James] Vann and [Charles] Hicks. He also discusses the storage of corn at Highwassee as opposed to Chickama[u]ga Creek, both inside the Cherokee Nation. Earle was a congressman from Greenville, South Carolina.

	This document is a copy of a treaty made between the Cherokee headmen and the U.S. government through their commissioner, Return J. Meigs, at Chickamauga, December 2, 1807. The first article of the treaty allows for the sale of six square miles north of Chickamauga Creek by the Cherokees to the U.S. for the purpose of mining iron. The second article states that the U.S. shall agree to pay the sum of five thousand dollars and one thousand bushels of corn upon ratification of the treaty. The treaty further states that if the U.S. should fail to find iron ore within the ceded land, they shall be able to get the ore in another place.

	This document, dated November 25, 1806, is a letter to the U.S. Agent to the Cherokees, Colonel Return J. Meigs, from Cherokee headmen The Glass, Dick Justice, (Lurkill?) at home, John Lowrey, John Bogs, Porch Flower, Cumberland, and Tuskeheke gathered at Glass` house on Lookout Mountain in the Cherokee Nation. They request that ferry transport conducted by John Riley and Robert King be stopped because the Cherokees of the upper towns are determined to prevent the construction of a proposed road from Georgia to Cumberland by way of Lookout Mountain.

	This is a letter dated march 5, 1806 from Cherokee headmen The Glass, Dick Justice, John (Bogs?), and Charles Hicks (acting as interpreter) to the United States Agent to the Cherokees, Colonel Return J. Meigs. The letter requests that Meigs pay, with Cherokee funds, the one hundred and fifty dollar fee owed to a doctor. Dr. McNeil was sent to inoculate the Cherokee without their request.

	This document is a receipt for one hundred fifty dollars, dated October 27, 1808, for services performed for smallpox in the Cherokee Nation.

	This document outlines various resolutions passed by the National Council of the Cherokee Chiefs between the dates of April 4-10, 1804. Resolutions include that the six Stands for Housed of Entertainment on the Cumberland Road be leased for five years to Thomas N. Clark, Sampson Williams, and Hugh Beatty, and that the rest shall be two hundred dollars for each stand. Also resolved, that the Moravian ministers residing near Mr. James Vann may continue in the Nation until December 25, 1804 and at that time will be reviewed to remain if they proceed in the education of said Nation`s children. Further, the Nation agrees to lease a salt peter cave near the boundary line of Tellico and that said cave be leased for five years.

	This document dated September 29th 1838 is a spoliation claim for John Vann of the Cherokee Nation East. Vann is requesting that the United States government reimburse him for horses, and other personal items he claims were stolen from him by white men.

	This document dated September 1838 is a spoliation claim for George Still of the Cherokee Nation East. Still is requesting that the United States government reimburse him for horses, steer, and cows that he claims were stolen from him by white men.

	This document is a claim, dated August 14, 1837 made by Eleanor Ragsdale, a Cherokee woman who possessed property in the state of Georgia. Ragsdale is requesting a valuation of her property and to be compensated under the Treaties of 1817 and 1819.

	This is a legal document between the Cherokee Nation East and Spencer Jarnagin who served as attorney for them from 1820 to 1837. The document shows that the Cherokee Nation paid Mr. Jarnagin two hundred and fifty dollars per year for a total of four thousand dollars. The document then has a written statement from Mr. Jarnagin disputing the correctness of the amount paid to him.

	This document is a legal agreement between the Cherokee Indians in Tennessee and Spencer Jarnagin. Jarnagin, an attorney, represented members of the Cherokee Nation in numerous lawsuits.

	This document is a Spoliation claim made September 18,1838, and signed by Collins McDonald, agent to the Cherokee Indians. The claim was for Ratting Gourd of the Coosawatee District. It lists his property, and its worth, that he lost due to the removal of the Cherokee Indians by the United States government.

	This document is a Spoliation claim made September 18,1838, and signed by Collins McDonald, agent to the Cherokee Indians. This particular claim was for Ratting Gourd, who wanted reimbursement from the United States for the improvements that he had made to his property prior to Cherokee removal

	This document was a statement given by Nathaniel Peak on April 2, 1834, regarding James Hanson, a white man who had enrolled as a Cherokee to be removed to Arkansas. Peak and other Cherokee certified that Hanson nor his family were citizens of the Cherokee Nation.

	This document is a petition, dated November 8, 1822, to the Cherokee Nation to allow William and Daniel May a permit to open a new road for ferry access on the Chattahoochee River. Also included is a decision by the Cherokee Council to request a law suit against Richard Winn for taking forcible possession of the ferry bank previously used by the Mays.

	This document dated August 18, 1806 is the terms of the agreement between the United States and the Cherokee Nation to operate the Cherokee Turnpike Company. The turnpike crosses the mountains of Tennessee into Georgia.

	This document dated June 1, 1805 is an article of agreement between the United States and the Cherokee Nation for a turnpike across the mountains of Tennessee into Georgia.

	This document is a legal agreement dated October 20, 1803, between the Cherokee Nation and the United States to build a turnpike through Tennessee to Georgia.

	This document is a letter dated February 6, 1836, from Benjamin Currey, U.S. agent to the Cherokee Nation, to Governor William Schley of Georgia. Currey warns Schley that the Cherokees in Georgia may be enlisting the help of the Creek Indians in order to resist removal west of the Mississippi River.

	This document, dated April 9, 1834, is statements regarding the alleged false enrollment of Charles Jones and Edward Welch into the Cherokee Nation by the United States agent to the Cherokee, Major Curry. The men claim to have been coerced into signing the enrollment papers.

	This document is a letter dated March 5, 1833, written by H. Montgomery from the Cherokee Agency to John Miller. Montgomery informs Miller that two men, Joseph Lynch and James Foreman, have taken a group of slaves belonging to someone else. Montgomery asks that the slaves be returned immediately.

	This document is a letter dated April 20, 1824, written by John Ross to John C. Calhoun, US Secretary of War. Ross writes in complaint of a reservation given to John Spears which encroaches upon the land of Lewis Ross, given to him under the terms of the Treaty of 1819. Ross asks for further investigation into the matter.

	This document is a letter dated April 19, 1824 written by Sam Houston, future governor of Tennessee, to John Ross, future chief of the Cherokee Nation. Houston writes in response to some questions posed by Ross in regards to John Spears, an interpreter for the Cherokee who served as a delegate on behalf of the Arkansas tribe of the Cherokee. There is apparently a controversy involving Lewis Ross over whether or not Spears was entitled to receive a plot of land.

	This document is a letter dated May 4, 1818, from Tennessee Governor Joseph McMinn to Colonel George Gillespie. Governor McMinn writes this letter in regards to the compensation Gillespie will receive for his work as commissioner for valuing Cherokee improvements. The letter also includes a table of goods received to be distributed amongst the Cherokee.

	This document is a letter dated May 19, 1817 and addressed to Return J. Meigs, agent to the Cherokee Nation, from Russell Goodrich. Goodrich writes to inform Meigs about work being done on a turnpike road between Georgia and Tennessee that will significantly decrease travel time between the two states. Goodrich also inquires if some land could be taken from the Cherokee Nation and given as a favor to a woman.

	This document is a letter dated November 4, 1816, from Return J. Meigs, Agent to the Cherokee Nation, to US Secretary of War William H. Crawford. Meigs writes to request that mechanics be hired within the Cherokee Agency for use by the Native Americans. Meigs specifically talks about the lack of blacksmiths available.

	This document is a letter dated June 29, 1816, possibly written to William H. Crawford, Secretary of War, from an unknown author. The letter includes a detailed description of an incident in which a Cherokee named Goodwoman was murdered by a white man named Vincent Davis. In revenge, two Cherokees warriors named Woodpecker and Connoclugh then killed Davis, and are now awaiting trial for the murder.

	This document is a receipt dated November 1, 1815, acknowledging that Return J. Meigs, acting as agent to the Cherokee Nation, paid thirty-six thousand dollars to the Cherokee for their annuities for the years 1813 through 1816.

	This document is a letter dated May 7, 1814, to Colonel Return J. Meigs, agent to the Cherokee Nation, from the citizens of Franklin County, Tennessee. The citizens write to inform Meigs of a band of thieves who have been stealing goods from nearby counties and keeping them on Indian lands.

	This document is a letter dated May 4, 1814, from Cherokee agent Return J. Meigs to General John Armstrong, Secretary of War. Meigs writes in regards to levies brought against the Cherokee and asks for reparations. Meigs explains that many Cherokee warriors fought alongside the US against the Creek and thus deserve appreciation.

	This document is a letter dated October 30, 1813 from Cherokee agent Return J. Meigs to John Armstrong, the Secretary of War. This letter was written after the Creek War of 1813 had begun, and Meigs informs Armstrong that he had supplied the Cherokee with blankets and other supplies in compensation for their cooperation against the Creeks. Meigs also explains his philosophy regarding working with the Cherokee; he believes that keeping them dependent on the US for support and assistance is beneficial to both the US and the Cherokee.

	This document is a letter from Return J. Meigs, Agent to the Cherokee Nation, to John Armstrong, Secretary of War. Meigs asks permission to employ the Cherokees as soldiers to protect themselves, and their property from the Creek Indians and the British.

	This document is a letter written by Charles Hicks, a Cherokee Indian, to a Colonel Metcalf. Charles Hicks complains that some of Colonel Metcalf`s men killed a Cherokee man and whipped other Cherokee men. Hicks writes that the action violates the existing treaty between the Cherokee Nation and the United States. The letter appears to have been forwarded to Return J. Meigs, agent to the Cherokee Nation.

	This document is a receipt dated 1812 for annuities paid to the Cherokee Indians. Many Cherokee were paid individual sums that totaled 7,550.90 and the rest were paid a lump sum of 1,449.10.

	This is a letter written in 1812 by John Ross to Return J. Meigs, Agent to the Cherokee Indians; in the letter Ross describes his trip down the Tennessee River from Fort Massac.

	This document is an invoice for goods received by Return J. Meigs on behalf of the Cherokee Indians. Meigs paid Eight hundred, fifty three dollars and twelve and one half cents for the goods.

	This document is a receipt dated July 13, 1812, acknowledging that the Cherokee Chiefs received an annuity payment from Return J. Meigs for nine thousand dollars. The document is signed by several Chiefs of the Cherokee Nation.

	This is a letter from the Secretary of War, William Eustis, to Return J. Meigs, agent to the Cherokee Nation. Eustis tells Meigs to proceed with negotiations with the Cherokee to establish an Iron Works within their Nation.

	This document is a motion to the United States Senate, dated January 10, 1812 regarding the ratification of a treaty made with the Cherokee Nation on December 2, 1807, at Chickamauga, on the Tennessee River. The senate unanimously voted no.

	This document is an invoice dated 1809 from the United States to Return J. Meigs for services rendered as agent to the Cherokee Indians.

	This document is a letter to Return J. Meigs, agent to the Cherokee Indians, from the Cherokee Chiefs. The Chiefs complain that the government is allowing too many "white people" to move onto Cherokee land.

	This document is a speech given by the young Cherokee Chiefs circa 1806 in Nine Towns. The young Chiefs try to dispel rumors of the old Chiefs selling land and say they should be praised for bringing peace to the Nation. They also chose a new "Beloved Man" to replace the one who died.

	This document is a letter dated March 24, 1806 to Return J. Meigs from Daniel Ross of the Cherokee Nation. Ross has two requests; one is for smallpox vaccines and the other is to replace the current school teacher whom Ross refers to as "reprehensible."

	This document is a letter written February 17th 1806 by Pathkiller, Principle Chief to the Cherokees and signed by John Lowrey. The letter is written to Return J. Meigs, Agent to the Cherokee. Pathkiller requests the help of Meigs to forcefully remove Dempsey Fields from the Cherokee Nation. Pathkiller also requests a doctor`s care for his people who have small pox.

	A survey card handed out to renters and share-croppers to assess their current economic situation.

	A letter written about the experience of having fought and been wounded on Iwo Jima. The letter is written on American Red Cross stationary and has a been stamped by the "Division of Public Relations" which edited communications for security reasons. Each page also has a stamp back that reads "Examined for Military Security No Objection to Publication Subject to Deletions And Amendments Indicated Press Censor"

	A letter announcing the end of the Civil War and Joseph`s plan to return to Loudon to be with Marie.

	A letter to the woman he loved expressing concern for her safety in the presence of Union troops around Loudon.

	A letter expressing her sadness at news that the man she loved, a confederate soldier, would be on the march.

	A certified copy of a descriptive list and account of pay and clothing for Private Joseph Rhea of the 62nd Regiment of the Tennessee branch of the Confederate Army, company F. The list was filed in Vicksburg, Mississippi, and included a description of the private, where he was born, his occupation, when and where he enlisted, when he was last paid and his bounty. The account has a place for remarks and includes the statement "Private J. G. Rhea was detailed from my company by order of Maj. -- Jones and ordered to report to Capt. J.M. Johnston...He has also received no clothing...since he entered the service." Rhea was a teacher in Hawkins, Tennessee who was 5`10" with grey eyes and black hair. He was 25 when he enlisted on February 24, 1862.

	Issued to Confederate soldier Joseph G. Rhea, this certificate allowed him to travel home undisturbed by the authoritites of the United States.

	A letter to his wife describing how much he misses her.

	Stout writes to his wife about the expectations of a coming battle and about his fear that he may never see her again.

	The letter dated April 30, 1863 and written on David McComb [amp] Co`s stationery by an unknown person expresses the Southern attitude toward Abolition, the Lincoln Administration, and confidence in eventual Confederate victory.

	A citizen complaining about "negro" families moving into the Glenview Community of Memphis. The letter threatens to withhold support from the Urban League of which Dalstrom was Chairman.

	A letter from the State Secretary of the Socialist Party of Tennessee advising Dalstrom on how to handle internal party matters.

	In response to a request from R. R. Church, Sr., Mr. Hynson recounts the history of Church`s family as they were bought and sold as slaves - by the Hynson family. "Sometime between the years 1800 and 1810 there landed on Norfolk Va a ship load of African slaves to be sold."

	The letter discusses renting a Church owned house in Washington to the poet Paul Lawrence Dunbar. Robert also inquires about the yellow fever epidemic in Memphis.

	A letter from Wells-Barnett asking for a loan, and also telling the story of the first time R. R. Church, Sr. helped her financially. She writes, "If I had not given my life, and all I could earn to help this race of ours, I would not need to ask such a favor of anyone."

	A letter offering sympathy on the death of R. R. Church Sr..

	A from letter Ida B. Wells-Barnett asking for another loan to continue "the work I have had to do for the race."

	A letter from Church`s son-in-law drescribing the speech his daughter, Mary Eliza Church, gave before the Woman`s Suffrage Convention in Washington, D.C..

	A letter, signed by several members of the Memphis clergy, petitioning the President to appoint Robert Reed Church as Post-Master for the city of Memphis.

	Bingham compliments Church for donating $1000 to a Confederate Reunion in Memphis, despite controversy. Then requests to money to travel to Memphis and explain his plan for making a million dollars and "Remove, our, Race`s troubles."

	These pages are the original minutes detailing the construction of the new courthouse in Maryville, Blount County in October and November in 1906. The images are the first 17 pages of 39 pages of the minutes, recorded primarily by William A. McTeer. The Commission received bids from architects, and selected the Baumann Brothers of Knoxville, who bid for $35,000. The minutes also detail the purchase of the site for the courthouse. The project`s budget was not to exceed $50,000 and the Commission detailed the size of all the main rooms in their plans before calling for bids. The Commission included Colonel W.B. Townsend, W.B. Howard, Will A. McTeer, and John Huffstetler, Chairman, elected to replace Maj. Ben Cunningham when he resigned.

	This is a poem that had been cut out from its original publication and taped on the back of a piece of sheet music in a bound volume of sheet music that belonged to Nora Gardner.

	A copy of certificate written by George Washington and delivered to Opia Mingo at a conference in Nashville in 1792 in the presence of the Cherokee commissioners. The copied signatures that were on the original document were George Washington, President of the United States and Edmond Randolph, Secretary of War. The certificate states delineates the lands given to the Chickasaw Indians, and calls upon government actors to prosecute and punish Indians outside their lands.

	A copy of the President`s Certificate respecting the Bounds of the Chickasaws Lands. Beginning Dec 28, 1794, a record of the minutes of treaty negotiations between Governor William Blount, Silas Dinsmoor, and John McKee and Agents to the Cherokees and several Cherokee leaders including the Bloody Fellow. The first page has a list of those present that day, starting with Blount. Blount first states that the negotiations are for a trade of prisoners and peace in the future, with the understanding that there has been many injuries on each side in the past. Blount urges the tribes to move to the Chatanuga mountain and join the Creek tribes. The talks the next few days center on prisoner trading. The Bloody Fellow states that he does not want to move and live with the Creek tribes, and urges Blount to accept a treaty brokered with Dinsmoor. In January the two speak to the posts erected around the Indian settlement which the settlers find comforting but the Indians find restrictive to hunting. Blount accused Bloody Fellow of stealing horses, and Bloody Fellow says if whites want to see their horses they should go to North Carolina. The next day Blount states that the treaties are settled but the Cherokee should help broker a peace with the Creeks whom the Cherokee are not in accord with. The talks discuss the relationship of Tennessee with the other tribes and the difficulties that arise from the tribes and whites sharing the land. They also discuss at length prisoners, and the desire for peace.

	A letter from Andrew Jackson to James Robertson, discussing the Congress` discussions with France, and a memorial in Tennessee. Bonaparte is mentioned and Jackson believed that his defeat was beneficial, stating "Tyranny will be Humbled, a throne crushed and a republish will spring from the wreck." This letter`s bottom right section is missing.

	A letter written to James Robertson from Major General Andrew Jackson politely declining his offer of service. The letter was written by a secretary and signed by Jackson. The letter is overly flowery in its praise of service to the government and tells Robertson that his own General will best know how Robertson`s services can be utilized.

	A letter from Silas Dinsmoor to James Robertson written on the Fourth of July, in which he is celebrating the retreat of Bonaparte. He also requests an affidavit taken from John Gilchrist relating to a white mare that he cannot recover. Colonel McKee was to receive the deposition.

	A letter from Silas Dinsmoor to Henry Dearborn, Secretary of War, relating the events surrounding a council with Choctaw Indians including the finances needed to secure the treaty. Dinsmoor also states his need for supplies including beef and bread.

	A letter from Silas Dinsmoor to James Robertson relating his travels in the Choctaw Indian nation. He relates that one of the tribe`s members has ruined some of the talks, but he feels the report is on bad authority and that talks will result in peace. Dinsmoor states the cost of the treaty may be near $3,000. He relates that the trip has been difficult, including ferrying horses over the Pearl river, and that many suffer from dysentery.

	A letter from Silas Dinsmoor addressed to the Honorable James Robertson, Esquire. Dinsmoor relates there will be a council of Cherokees discussing Indians killed on Stone River the prior year. Dinsmoor asks for a statement of facts about the killings to inform his participation in the talks. Dinsmoor also asked Robertson to provide a member of his office at the meetings. He ends the letter with a general assurance of the Indian people`s desire for peace.

	A letter from Silas Dinsmoor addressed to Brigadier General James Robertson in Nashville, Cumberland which was still part of North Carolina. Dinsmoor was the U. S. agent to the Cherokees. Dinsmoor relates that a troop of Hightower Indians wish to meet with Robertson in peace talks. The Hightower wish to trade with the white people along the Cumberland and will provide an interpreter to the talks to facilitate peace and trading. Dinsmoor adds a note of apology about his not cautioning the Indians to kill, but he hoped that the desire of the Hightowers to trade would excuse him.

	A letter by Zebadiah Pike, Captain, to James Robertson in Nashville, Tennessee. Pike seeks direction in dealings with Chickasaw Indians. Pike relates that Captain Parks killed Cherokee men and took prisoners in May. Pike attempted to speak to Chickasaws about a certain prisoner, but it is not clear how the talks were resolved. He asks for a "line" about what to do from Robertson.

	A letter written by Miro, the governor of Louisiana which was a Spanish territory at the time, to Colonel James Robertson. In the letter Miro states that he contacted Creek Indians and they agreed to "not trouble" the white people again. He plans to go to Illinois to further urge peace with the Indians. He also agrees to give a passport to Robertson`s son-in-law who desired to settle in Louisiana, and urges the entire family to move with the assurance that they would not be bothered if they settled in the province.

	A letter written by McGillivray, the Chief of the Creek Nation, to Colonel James Robertson, whose address was listed as Nashville, Cumberland. The letter discusses peace talks with the Cherokee, the Creeks and white settlers. There is a notation "by W. Newsom" who may have been the person who wrote out the letter for McGillivray.

	A copy of the minutes taken at a conference involving Governor Blount, Colonel John Watts of Will`s Town, a lower Cherokee town, and the Chiefs of the Cherokee, Scolacutta and Hanging Maw. The Cherokee chief related that he surveyed local tribes and determined that most of the tribes he encountered were amenable to peace. He related that the Running Water People told the Glass, a Cherokee, that they had white prisoners. The Cherokee received a letter from Major Ore requesting the prisoners, and acknowledged that the tribe and the white people both have prisoners from the other side, and desired negotiations. The Cherokee also urged peace talks between the lower towns and the whites. The minutes are cut short when the speaker begins to relate a meeting between McKee and himself.

	A letter from The Turkey, possibly a Cherokee, to Governor William Blount about his initial trip to Natchez when he attempted to begin peace talks between the "white people" and the Creeks. Another meeting at Willis Town was arranged for further talks.

	A copy of a letter between Native American Chief, The Bloody Fellow, and Governor William Blount. The Bloody Fellow writes he spoke with the President regarding peace, and the encroachment upon his land. Fellow states that he spoke with Spain in attempt to treaty for peace, but is aware that this action upset Blount. Fellow argues that Blount`s people are encroaching upon his lands and threatening his people. Fellow wants Blount to force his people into peace and pay for the damages the Native Americans incurred.

	A letter written by the Glass, a chief of the Cherokee tribe, to Governor Blount. Glass reveals Colonel Robertson told him about fighting between his tribe and Tennesseans about the impending Treaty at Nashville. He asks that Blount prevent people from coming onto Cherokee land and from threatening Cherokees. The Glass urges peace and honesty in the future.

	General orders written by General H. Bradford which describe security measures needed on the frontier including mustering troops and dealing with "savage enemy." The recipient is urged to have the militia ready at a minute`s notice and have a rendezvous point where they can meet with their weapons, including a good gun and nine charges of powder each.

	A copy of a letter written by Tim Barnard, D.A.U.S., in Tuckebatchees to Governor William Blount for James Robertson. The letter deals with relations with the various Native American tribes in the region. The author is concerned with the violence of the Creek tribe, and about the citizens of Georgia encroaching on Indian land. The author urges Blount to force a peace as an Agent of Indian Affairs.

	An account of the goods required for prepared for General John Robertson, transcribed by John McNary, a judge in territory South of the Ohio river. The first page is a request for a voucher for of goods. The letter also includes a request for horses, and a ledger of goods including saddles and cloth with the prices paid.

	A 1792 invoice of goods for the proposed Treaty of Nashville with the Chickasaw and Choctaw to be delivered by July 15. The price and quantity of lead are at issue, with the author urging the recipient of the letter to bargain for lead. Guns, powder, lead, blankets and cloth are included in the invoice.

	Capital stock records for the Steamboat Highwassee includes list of stockholders with amount of stock held and payments to be made for shares.

	Assorted records related to the possession of illegal liquor. One is a certificate noting that a local policeman has turned over confiscated liquor to the Bradley County Sheriff. The other is a report to the Bradley County judge on whiskey confiscations with a note at the end on the decision of how to dispose of the liquor.

	This is a report on Bradley County Jail. Included is a list of the prisoners that were sent to the workhouse in March 1940.

	Document certifying that W.J. Eldredge holds ten shares of the capital stock of the Hiwassee Bank in Charleston, Tennessee dated January 1, 1907 and signed by the bank`s cashier and president. Verso side states that W.J. Eldredge`s share are being transferred to S.V. Eldredge by J.E. Quisenberry on September 2, 1942.

	Affidavit of William Barrett of Charleston, Tennessee regarding the property of James P. Bates, who lost a great deal of property during the Civil War to Federal troops. Other documents include itemized account of lost property and the compensation that Bates is to be paid. Includes losses caused by the troops of Gen. Sherman, Col. Goode, Col Scott, Col Dibrell, Col Rucker, and Maj. Gen. Wheeler.

	This is a portion of a court case whose full extent was approximately 150 pages. This case involves the sale of land and a church and how its accessibility will be affected with the building of a Freedman`s school. The document names as plaintiffs: Richard Hughes, William Tucker, Jackson Tibbs, Spencer Tibbs, J.W. Pugh, Turner Morgan, Peter Mathas, Trustees of the Colored Church of Zion, Peter Heard, John McCrosky, and Peter Lay. W.M. Wilhoit is listed as the defendant.

	This document is a rare map of Tennessee surveyed and engraved circa 1795. The map shows public roads, Indian boundaries, forts, Indian towns, and width of rivers in yards.

	This document is a map, circa 1800, of places referred to by John Sevier in East Tennessee, North Carolina, Kentucky, and Georgia.

	This document is a pay warrant, dated December 3, 1794 and signed by Governor William Blount. William Rickard, pay master, received three hundred and thirty nine dollars to pay troops under Captain Thomas Murray for protecting the frontier from October 22, 1793 to November 22, 1793.

	This document is a license to practice law in the state of Tennessee granted to Sandy Owens of Davidson County. The license is dated March 19, 1828 and is signed by John Catron, Robert Whyte, and Jacob Peck, all judges in the Tennessee Supreme Court of Errors and Appeals.

	The following document is a Military Order issued on May 17, 1838, by General Winfield Scott, federal officer in charge of Cherokee removal. Scott issued, on the authority of President Andrew Jackson, the order for federal troops to enforce the removal of all the Cherokee remaining east of the Mississippi River, according to the terms of the Treaty of New Echota, signed by a Cherokee minority in 1835. Scott divided the Cherokee Nation into three military districts in order to facilitate a speedy evacuation. The orders of President Jackson and General Scott began what was to be called the Trail of Tears, in which 15,000-20,000 Cherokee were exiled to Indian Territory in present-day Oklahoma. An estimated one-fifth died during the whole of the journey, which lasted until the spring of 1839.

	This document is a license dated April 10, 1829 allowing William R. Cockeran to operate an Ordinary within his home in Tennessee, authorized by Samuel Houston, Governor of Tennessee.

	This document is a military commission dated October 12, 1840 for James M. Bowden to enter the Tennessee Militia. The commission is signed by James K. Polk, Governor of Tennessee.

	The following document is the constitution drafted on July 24, 1827 that sparked the beginning of the modern Cherokee Nation. The document was a product of a Constitutional Convention of 1827, headed by John Ross, who was elected the first Chief of the Cherokee Nation when the constitution was put into effect the following year. In the constitution, which was largely patterned after the United States`, the Cherokees referred to themselves as a sovereign entity and outlined three branches of government. Although the Constitution of the Cherokee Nation was largely developed in order to prevent the forced removal of the Cherokee, it was only ten years after its adoption that the Cherokee were ultimately displaced.

	This document is an article of agreement dated October 12, 1794 between William Blount, Governor of the territory of the United States south of the river Ohio and David Moore of Knoxville. The article states that David Moore will deliver goods by boat for the Chickasaw and Choctaw Indians from the Tennessee River near Holston to the mouth of Bear Creek.

	This document is a receipt signed by Governor William Blount and others to allow John Sevier to receive payment for his attendance at a session of the General Assembly in Knoxville, Tennessee.

	This document is a letter to Governor William Blount from J. Parkes dated February 29, 1796. Parkes recommends a Mr. Harrison Almand, a wealthy gentleman from Virginia who is interested in settling in the Territory of the United States South of the Ohio River.

	This document is a letter to Tennessee Governor Sam Houston from Richard M. Woods, Sheriff of Greene County regarding an escaped convict. The Sheriff asks the Governor to offer a reward for the capture of Daniel Dyche who was convicted for the murder of David Adams.

	This document is a letter written to Governor Samuel Houston (1827-1829) from R M Woods on June 14, 1828. R M Woods asks for the pardon of a farmer named Daniel Allen. Woods states that this farmer is respected by his neighbors and is needed to support his family as reasons that he should be pardoned.

	This document is a letter drafted by the residents of Canton County, Kentucky to Samuel Houston (1827-1829) dated March 14, 1828. The letter asks Governor Houston to use his influence with the Governor of Kentucky to settle a boundary dispute between two counties. The existing Walker line is in dispute with the citizens. The citizens have put their signatures on the letter requesting the assistance of Governor Houston.

	This document is a letter to Governor Sam Houston of Tennessee from G. W. Terrill dated February 3, 1828. Terrill discusses various newspaper articles and the upcoming Gubernatorial election.

	The following document is a letter, dated October 2, 1828, from Alabama Governor John Murphy to Sam Houston, governor of Tennessee (1827-1829). Murphy states that recent act passed by the US Congress called for the opening of a canal at the Muscle Shoals in Alabama. Murphy writes to solicit the cooperation and assistance of the state of Tennessee, not only in building the proposed canal, but also to build a railroad running through the valleys of the Mississippi River.

	This document is a letter dated November 6th, 1827 to Major William Crisp from Jas Royall regarding a journal manuscript that Royall is waiting to be printed.

	The following document is a letter, dated October 9, 1827, written to Governor Sam Houston (1827-1829) from Thomas White, sheriff of Sullivan County. White writes in regards to a man by the name of James Havron who had recently escaped from Blountville Jail. He encloses a description of Havron and encourages the governor to offer a reward for the fugitive`s capture.

	The following document is a letter written to Tennessee Governor Sam Houston (1827-1829) from William Harris in Jackson, TN. Harris writes in regards to a murder trial he witnessed as clerk of the Circuit Court of Madison. Harris urges the governor to exhibit clemency, particularly in regards to the branding sentence, for the defendant, a Doctor Wright.

	This document is a letter from Sam Brown dated November 22, 1827 to Governor Sam Houston of Tennessee. Brown requests that Governor Houston examine a proposal for establishing a public library in Tennessee.

	This document is a letter dated April 20, 1829 to Sam Houston regarding Jacob Philipson a sixteen year old boy being held in jail on a larceny charge in Nashville, Tennessee. The letter pleads for the boy`s release by explaining how his respectable family suffered personal and financial hardships.

	This document is a letter written to Sam Houston regarding a reward for three men who escaped from jail in Knoxville Tennessee.

	This document is a letter written April 29, 1829 by T. A. Howard to Sam Houston. Howard expresses his deep regret that Sam Houston has resigned as Governor of Tennessee.

	This document is a recommendation by J. C. Hamilton for G. W. Terrell to receive the job of Attorney General under Governor Sam Houston.

	This document is a letter written to Sam Houston regarding a slave belonging to S. T. Greenfield. Greenfield`s slave was accused of breaking into a store and Greenfield requests that Houston allow the slave to leave the state rather than be hung.

	Sheet music of an entertaining song from the early 20th century about the perils of dating a fellow who owns an automobile. It warns girls of dangers such as running out of gas in distant places and the fellow demanding a kiss in exchange for the drive home.

	Civil War era song about a fallen drummer boy at the Battle of Shiloh.

	This document is a letter written from Charles Barth to fellow merchants Rhea [amp] McCrabb on April 14, 1826. In the letter, Barth discusses business practices and prospects to be found for merchants in Jackson, Tennessee. Barth states that business prospects are good in Jackson, but that goods and rent are expensive, due mostly to the influx of wealthy citizens into the area.

	This document is a letter written to two merchants named Rhea [amp] McCrabb from a businessman named Charles L. Barth on November 20, 1825. In the letter, Barth discusses his business travels throughout Tennessee en route to New Orleans. He also gives Rhea [amp] McCrabb permission to take care of his affairs at home in Athens, Tennessee while he is away.

	The following document is a letter dated April 26, 1812, from David Hutcheson to Thomas McNeal in Duck River. Hutcheson writes of business matters and debts that are due to him.

	This document is a land grant given to James S. Porter from John Easton dated March 26, 1840. The grant specifies what sections of land Porter will get from the lands ceded to the United States from the Chickasaw Nation and John Easton, their commissioner, in the Treaty signed at Pontotoc Creek.

	The following document is a certificate issued to Samuel Gragg of Lawrence County, Alabama, by the office of Andrew Jackson, United States President, June 3, 1833. This certificate sanctions Gragg`s purchase of land in Alabama, to be sold in Huntsville.

	This document is a promissory note signed by James K. Polk, William Parr, and George Johnston in August 1823. The document shows that these men have promised to repay $100 to the bank of Tennessee eighty eight days after this note was signed.

	The following document is a letter, dated September 13, 1819, from David Folsom of the Choctaw Nation to Reverend Elias Cornelius in Andover, MA. Folsom writes in reference to an inquiries made by the United States government about a possible exchange of money for land within the Choctaw Nation. Folsom also describes plans to build a new missionary school in Yello Busha. At the close of the document, the obituary of David Folsom is attached. Folsom fought with the US army against the Creeks during the Creek War and he served as a chief of the Choctaw Nation from 1826 to 1830. He was one of the Choctaw leaders responsible for the treaty which removed the Choctaw Nation to Oklahoma.

	The following document is a military order of July 8, 1812, issued by James Winchester in Nashville and addressed to Captain John Ballinger in New Orleans. Winchester served as Brigadier General during the War of 1812. In this general order, Winchester commands all soldiers to resume their posts and be prepared for battle. The United States had declared war on Great Britain on June 12.

	The following document is a record of a court appearance of James Sanders before Andrew Jackson, judge of the Superior Courts of Tennessee in the Mero District on July 16, 1803. Sanders brings suit against Josiah Watson of Alexandria, VA, for a debt owed to him, and in an accompanying document, Jackson states that Sanders is entitled to $904.52 from Watson.

	The following document is a voucher dated September 5, 1798, for William Mizell. Mizell served as interpreter for the Chickasaw Indians at the post at Chickasaw Bluffs, and he was to be paid 369 dollars and 02 cents for his services.

	The following document is a letter, dated November 14, 1792, from the representatives of Daniel Clark and Ebenezer Rees to Manuel Gayoso de Lemos, the Spanish governor of the district of Natchez and later governor of Louisiana. The two American traders wrote to inform Lemos of a debt that is owed to them by Thomas Wilkins.

	A copy of an amnesty oath signed by a Confederate soldier, pledging allegiance to the Constitution of the United States and the Union of the States. The oath requires the signer to abide by all laws made during the "Rebellion" and relating specifically to the "Emancipation of Slaves." This oath was signed by W.G. Brooks of Crittenden Co., Arkansas and witnessed by W. Johnston, stamped by the District of West Tennessee and then sent to Washington. The second page is the verso which states that it is a copy of the oath. Amnesty oaths were signed by political prisoners and prisoners of war in order to be released from custody and pardoned by Lincoln.

	A telegram sent from Richmond, Virginia to Memphis, Tennessee, which includes a first hand account of the Battle of Bull Run, the first major land battle of the Civil War. The Confederacy suffered losses of 387, Union of 460, with the Union army retreating, despite early gains in the battle. The telegram was sent by the South-Western Telegraph Company, and includes in the header the policies of the company, authorized by N. Green, the president in Louisville, Kentucky. It is assumed that the telegram was sent on an older page because the Battle of Bull Run took place on June 21, 1861.

	A response letter to the demand of the Union army in which the Mayor of Memphis, Tennessee, replies to a Union request to surrender the town. The Mayor, John Park, writes, "...as the Civil Authorities have no means of defense, by the force of circumstances the city is in your power." Park sent the letter to C.H. Davis, the Flag Officer Commander of the Union fleet which defeated Memphis in a naval battle. The Union army took control of Memphis following the battle and surrender.

	A letter written by "Flag Officer C.H. Davis" aboard the "U.S. Flag Steamer Benton," a Union gunboat, to the Mayor of Memphis, Tennessee, asking him to surrender the town. After defeating the Confederates at the Battle of Island Number Ten, the Union Flag Steamer went to threaten Memphis in June 1862, and a battle ensued, in which the Union army defeated the Confederates with 180 injured or killed. Davis wrote to the mayor of Memphis asking for his surrender, received it and the Union took control of the city.

	A one-year lease made between Captain Henry S. Fitch of the Union army and F. Hungerford that states that Union Major-General Sherman ordered possession of all vacant abandoned and confiscated buildings in Memphis, and that the Quartermaster`s Department of the Post will rent them to citizens. The rent was paid to the United States, and the lease for this property the rent was twenty dollars per month payable monthly. The lease states that Hungerford will use the property as his dwelling, and then describes the property`s location. The lease was signed by Fitch, McDonald and Hungerford. The lease was made on August 1, 1862. There is a later addition in pencil reading "US Army of occupation."

	This document is a letter written by Edward Porter to his parents on December 12, 1849. In the letter, Edward discusses the events taking place with his sister, Mary, at her school. He writes to their parents how unhappy she is there, and that she has not written home because she does not like her teacher, Mr. Anderson, to read her letters before she sends them. Edward tells them that the teacher will not send her letters if she writes something disagreeable to him, and has threatened her with expulsion if she does not act better and do as he wishes. Edward concludes the letter by describing what he has been doing at Hanover College and about the social events at the school and in Hanover.

	This document is a letter written by C. Clay Balfrey to Edward E. Porter on November 11, 1850. In the letter, Balfrey mentions the fact that many people have been getting married and that marriage seems to be the popular thing to do at the time. He also mentions that Edward`s former landlord, a man named Nick Simmons, was shot in the back in a fight and has recovered. He concludes by saying that he wishes for Edward and himself to renew their friendship after some previous disagreements.

	This document is a letter written by Mary C. Porter to her father, Ethel Henry Porter, on January 12, 1850. In the letter, Mary discusses social events happening in Connecticut, where she is attending school, and back at home, and she thanks her father for her Christmas gifts. Mary also briefly mentions her desire to find her daguerreotype, which was an early form of photography.

	The following document is a letter, dated October 8, 1849, from Edward E. Porter to his sister Mary Porter. In the letter, Edward discusses his busy schedule at school and his possible career plans. Edwards also expresses interest in instigating communication with a girlfriend of Mary`s and speaks of matters of religion.

	This document is a summary written by John H. Rice to his sister, Mattie, on August 16, 1849. In the letter, John writes about the events going on in and around where he lives in Tallahassee, Florida. He writes about his preaching, the cholera that is making many people sick, his approaching marriage, and the Indian Wars taking place in Florida at the time.

	This document is a letter written by Ben Sawtell to his niece, Mary C. Porter, on February 23, 1849. Ben attends South Hanover College in Indiana and tells Mary of the school and social events happening there. Ben also discusses events happening to acquaintances of theirs, as well as mentioning his support for the sewing and abolitionist societies with which Mary is involved.

	This document is a letter written by Edward E. Porter to his father, Ethel Henry Porter, on October 2, 1848. In the letter, Edward discusses seeing his father on a boat, the `Palo Alto` as he passed by, events going on at college, trips he has recently taken, and the need for Ethel to send some of his belongings to him at school.

	The following document is a letter written by E. H. Porter, addressed to his son Edward, on September 19, 1848. The elder Porter writes this letter aboard a steamer in the midst of his travels. He talks about the places he has been and provides Edward with the good news that he may have found a cure for the son`s illness.

	The following document is a letter from Edward E. Porter to his father Ethel Henry Porter, dated May 22, 1848. In the letter, Edward discusses his bad health and plans for school, and he sends his love and best wishes to others back home.

	This document is a letter, whose author is unidentified, addressed to Mary C. Porter on May 2, 1846. The author is most likely someone from Mary`s immediate family, as the letter discusses social and family events such as Mary`s brother Edward`s illness, Mary joining a church, his school, and a new boat called the `Gray Eagle`.

	This document is a letter written by Benjamin Sawtell of Memphis Tennessee to his nephew Ed Porter in Bridgeport Connecticut. Benjamin tells his nephew about the latest events at home, including several marriages, and available females.

	The following document is a letter, dated November 30, 1847, from E. H. Porter in Memphis to his son Edward E. Porter in Bridgeport, Connecticut. In the letter, the elder Porter discusses financial matters with his son and encourages him to maintain his commitment to quit smoking.

	The following document is a letter written by Ben Sawtell in Memphis to his niece Mary C. Porter, dated August 12, 1847. The letter is a brief note in which Sawtell extends his love to his niece and to her brother Edward.

	The following document is a letter, dated July 23, 1847, from Benjamin Sawtell in Memphis to his niece Mary Porter in Connecticut. Sawtell describes a recent temperance celebration and discusses the latest news of Memphis temperance societies.

	This document is a letter to E. H. Porter of Memphis, Tennessee from James Stafford regarding possible business ventures in the state of Illinois.

	This document is a letter dated December 8, 1838 to E. H. Porter of Memphis, Tennessee from H. A. Robinson regarding business that Robinson is attending to for Porter.

	This document is a letter to Doctor William Johnson from Ethel Henry Porter, dated September 22, 1836. In the letter, Porter informs Johnson of the way in which he will repay a monetary judgement Johnson has against Porter and another man. Porter explains that the delay in payment is a result of not being able to obtain North Carolina or US currency.

	This document is a letter dated November 19, 1837 to Ethel H. Porter of Raleigh, Tennessee, from H. Scoville. Scoville catches Porter up on family matters and tells him of the death of many relatives due to whooping cough and typhus fever.

	This document is a letter dated July 30, 1836 to E. H. Porter of Tennessee from LeRoy Gaston regarding various business ventures in Mississippi and Georgia.

	This document is a letter written to Leroy B. Gaston from A. Anderson on April 27, 1835. In the letter, Anderson discusses the political climate in Virginia, financial matters, and social events, including the Winchester Presbytery that is in town.

	This document is a letter written by R.V. Taylor. The first page is dated June 15, 1849, to his brother Thomas in which he discusses the illness he is recovering from and states that he wishes to receive letters from people at home. Taylor also discusses a temperance celebration that the town of Paris, Tennessee is having the next day. The second page is a brief note dated June 16 to Taylor`s cousin Martha.

	This document is a letter written by A.W. Littlejohn to Howell A. Taylor, dated November 16, 1846. In the letter, Littlejohn asks for Taylor`s certificate testifying to allegations made by a man named J.J. Alison. Alison had made bad remarks about Littlejohn`s character.

	The following document is a letter, dated November 6, 1846, to Susan Taylor from her sister-in-law. In the letter, the sister-in-law discusses piano lessons she will be giving as well as her current lodging and living conditions.

	This document is a letter written by John D. Alexander to Howell Taylor on August 1, 1846. In the letter, Alexander informs Taylor that the Female Academy has a new principal by the name of Mr. C. A. Sprague, who plans to invite a Miss Goode to fill the position of director of the Department of Music.

	This document is a letter written by Bob Taylor to his brother and sister, Susan, on March 21, 1845. Bob writes about events happening to him while at school in Alabama.

	This document is a letter written by R. V. Taylor to his father, Edmund Taylor, on July 4, 1844. In the letter, Taylor tells his father about the difficulty he had in his travel to school and events happening to acquaintances he visited on the way and at the school.

	This document is a letter written from William M. Smith, possibly to Edmund Taylor, on May 1, 1838. In the letter, Smith discusses social events such as marriages and a death, his cotton not being injured by frost, and gives thanks to the letter`s recipient for a loan that he might give to Smith.

	This document is a letter, dated June 25, 1844, from Mary Jane Chester in Jackson, TN, to her father Colonel Robert J. Chester. Colonel Chester was visiting his family in Jonesboro, and Mary Jane writes this letter to update her father on the news of Jackson and the condition of all the children. Among the items she discusses are the formation of a voluntary military company to send to Texas during the Mexican-American War and the upcoming plans of Jackson`s Democratic Party.

	This document is a letter from Mary Jane Chester to her father Colonel Robert J. Chester, postmarked on either May 19 or 29, 1843. Mary writes to her father from her school in Columbia, TN, and she explains that her examination is soon approaching and that she is excited about the prospects of returning home afterwards. She also describes an encounter she had with an old friend of her father`s by the name of Mr. Trotter. Enclosed is a letter addressed to her sister, in which she discusses the death of a man by the name of W. Patton and expresses her anticipation at her sister`s expected arrival in Columbia.

	This document is a letter, dated April 30, 1843, from Mary Jane Chester to her father Colonel Robert J. Chester in Jackson, TN. Mary updates her father on her academic progress at the Female Institute in Columbia, TN and discusses her correspondences with other family members and friends back home.

	This document is a letter written by Mary Jane Chester to her father, Robert J. Chester, on March 28, 1843. Mary Jane discusses events going on at school, thanks her father for money that he sent her, and talks about a comet viewed by a telescope that is passing near Earth.

	The following document is a letter addressed to Martha B. Chester from her sister Mary Jane Chester, dated February 17, 1843. Mary Jane updates her sister on her past examination and her current endeavors at the Female Institute in Columbia, TN. Mary Jane also encloses a letter to her brother John, in which she scolds him for not writing to her more frequently.

	This document is a letter written by Mary Jane Chester to her father, Robert J. Chester, on January 28, 1843. In the letter Mary Jane states that she is in the middle of her examinations for the current session. She states that she would like to take French, guitar, and piano lessons the next session and requests that her father to send her the money to do so.

	The following document is a letter dated January 14, 1843, from Mary Jane Chester to her father Colonel Robert J. Chester of Jackson, TN. Mary writes from the Female Institute in Columbia, TN and discusses her busy school schedule and upcoming examination.

	This document is a letter written by Mary Jane Chester to her father, Robert J. Chester, on December 29, 1842. In the letter, Mary Jane discusses her examination in January and her hopes that some of her family will be there for it. She also mentions to her father that the rumors regarding her engagement to an unnamed man are unfounded. She concludes the letter by expressing love to her family and asking her father to burn the letter once he had read it, which he obviously did not do.

	The following document is a letter, dated December 14, 1842, from Mary Jane Chester to her father Robert J. Chester. Mary Jane writes urging her father to visit her, and she talks about her upcoming public examination and other issues related to her schooling and finances.

	This document is a letter written by Mary Jane Chester to her father, Robert J. Chester, on November 13, 1842. In the letter Mary Jane tells Robert of events going on in Columbia, Tennessee, where she is attending school at the Female Institute, and inquires about events happening at home in Jackson. She tells him how upset she is that he did not visit her when he promised, and she also speaks of their cousin`s new baby, visiting with Governor Polk, and the death of her mother. Mary Jane concludes the letter by asking him to bring her a black muslin when he comes to visit her.

	The following document is a letter, dated October 16, 1842, from Mary Jane Chester to her father Colonel Robert J. Chester in Jackson, TN. In the letter, Mary Jane writes about her social and academic affairs at the Female Institute in Columbia, TN.

	The following document is a letter dated September 6, 1842, written by Mary Jane Chester to her father Colonel Robert J. Chester. Mary writes the letter after returning to the Female Institute in Columbia, TN, for the commencement of the new school year.

	The following document is a letter dated June 18, 1841, from Mary Jane Chester to her mother Elizabeth Chester. In the letter, Mary Jane expresses anticipation about returning home soon, and she also discusses her upcoming examination.

	This document is a letter written by Robert J. Chester to his daughter, Mary Jane Chester, on June 8, 1841. In the letter, Robert tells Mary Jane that her brother John and aunt Narcissa will come to get her from the Female Institute in Columbia after her examinations and take her first to the Hermitage, in Nashville, Tennessee, and then on home. He also mentions several of the events that have happened at home recently.

	The following document is a letter dated June 1, 1841, from Mary Jane Chester to her mother Elizabeth Chester. Mary Jane writes about her upcoming examination and her hopes that many members of her family will come to Columbia to attend the examination.

	The following document is a letter, dated May 23, 1841, from Elizabeth Chester to her daughter Mary Jane at the Female Institute in Columbia, TN. Chester scolds her daughter for speaking of politics and fears that such talk with threaten her father`s political career. Also included in this document is a letter written to Mary Jane from her father, Colonel Robert J. Chester.

	This document is a letter written by Mary Jane Chester to her mother, Elizabeth Chester, on May 15, 1841. In the letter, Mary Jane speaks of events happening at the Female Institute, that she looks forward leaving there in 6 weeks, a funeral conducted by General Harrison, and the girls from different political parties and their actions.

	This document is a letter written by Elizabeth Chester to her daughter, Mary Jane Chester, on May 14, 1841. In the letter, Elizabeth acknowledges Mary Jane`s recent illness, and wishes her better health. Elizabeth also informs Mary Jane of events happening at home and with her family in Jackson, Tennessee.

	The following document is a letter dated April 23, 1841, from Elizabeth Chester to her daughter Mary Jane at the Female Institute in Columbia, TN. Chester updates her daughter on happenings back home while Mary Jane is away at school.

	The following document is a letter dated April 1, 1841, from Mary Jane Chester at the Columbia (Tennessee) Female Institute to her mother Mrs. Elizabeth Chester in Jackson, Tennessee. In the letter, Mary Jane discusses a milieu of topics about life back home and life at school.

	This document is a letter written by Mary Jane Chester to her mother, Elizabeth Chester, and other members of her family on March 28, 1841. In the series of short letters, Mary Jane discusses events going on in the family and with people she has come in contact with in Columbia, and she urges her family to keep in touch with her while she is away at school.

	This document is a letter written by Elizabeth Chester to her daughter, Mary Jane Chester, on March 26, 1841. In the letter, Elizabeth discusses social events taking place in Jackson, such as marriages and parties, as well as events taking place with the people in their family. She asks her daughter not to ride on horses because she could get injured, and to always tell them the truth because they need to trust her while she is away from home.

	This document is a letter, dated February 15, 1841, from Elizabeth Chester in Jackson, TN, to her daughter Mary Jane at the Female Institute in Columbia. Elizabeth writes to inquire about the latest news of her daughter`s schooling, and she also talks about visiting the Hermitage, Andrew Jackson`s home in Nashville.

	This document is a letter written by Mary Jane Chester to her father, Colonel Robert J. Chester, on February 1, 1841. In the letter, Mary thanks her father for sending her money, expresses delight that her examination is over, and agrees to comply with his wishes that she not write so many letters home.

	This document is a letter written by Mary Jane Chester to her mother, Elizabeth Chester, on January 22, 1841. In the letter, Mary apologizes for not being able to write a longer letter, but she is busy preparing for her examination.

	This document is a letter written by Mary Jane Chester to her mother, Elizabeth Chester, on January 7, 1841. In the letter, Mary discusses events taking place at the Female Institute in Columbia, Tennessee. She mentions classes she is taking and planning to take, making clothes for herself and her sister, and a story involving a mail carrier.

	The following document is a letter, dated December 27, 1840, from Elizabeth Chester to her daughter Mary Jane Chester. Elizabeth writes to her daughter who is being schooled at the Female Institute in Columbia, TN, and updates her on the happenings back home in Jackson. She talks of all the people who will be recently married and mentions her husband, Colonel Robert Chester`s recent trip to visit Mary Jane. Also included is a short letter written to Mary Jane from her younger sister Martha.

	This document is a letter written by Mary Jane Chester to her parents, Robert and Elizabeth Chester, on December 20, 1840. In the letter, Mary Jane wishes her family a Merry Christmas and expresses her wishes to be with them on the holiday.

	This document is a letter written by Mary Jane Chester to her sister, Martha Butler Chester, on December 19, 1840. In the letter, Mary Jane describes how she will spend Christmas in Columbia, Tennessee, and wishes her sister and family a Merry Christmas at home in Jackson, Tennessee.

	This document is a letter written by Mary Jane Chester to her mother, Elizabeth Chester, on December 8, 1840. In the letter, Mary Jane discusses events occurring at the Female Institute, her recent illnesses, and asks about events taking place at home.

	This document is a letter dated November 28, 1840, from Mary Jane Chester, student of the Female Institute in Columbia, Tennessee, to her parents Colonel Robert J. and Elizabeth Chester. Mary Jane requests that her mother send her clothing, food, and pleads with her family to write her more often.

	This document is a letter written by Elizabeth Chester to her daughter Mary Jane Chester on November 22, 1840. The letter is composed of two entries. The first entry discusses Mary Jane`s birthday, family events, and the political climate in Jackson, Tennessee. The second entry, dated November 26, discusses a fire at the Institute where Mary Jane attends and alludes to possible unrest with their slaves if future president William Henry Harrison does not free them. The letter has written on it that Elizabeth Chester died twelve months after writing this letter.

	This document is a letter dated November 7, 1840 to Elizabeth Chester from her daughter Mary Jane Chester. Mary Jane describes her daily life at the Female Institute in Columbia, Tennessee.

	This document is a letter written to Mary Jane Chester from her mother, Elizabeth Chester, on November 2, 1840. In the letter, Elizabeth discusses the visit between Mary Jane and "Uncle" Andrew Jackson. Elizabeth advises that even though Mary Jane is homesick, that she needs to stay at school, do well in her classes, and remain devoted to her Bible and religion.

	This document is a letter dated October 28, 1840 to John Chester from his sister Mary Jane Chester at the Female Institute, Columbia Tennessee. Mary Jane describes her daily routine at the institute and how much she misses her family. Included with her letter is a course description for the institute along with a brief note to her brother Robert.

	This document is a letter written to Mary Jane Chester on October 17, 1840, and contains two letters. The first letter is from her brother John, and discusses family events, mainly one involving a dinner where Andrew Jackson, Governor Polk, and Judge Grundy were in attendance. The second letter is from her mother, Elizabeth, and expresses feelings of love for her daughter.

	This document is a letter dated October 10, 1840, from Mary Jane Chester to her parents, Elizabeth and Robert Chester of Jackson, Tennessee. Mary Jane relates her time spent at the Columbia Institute and how much she misses everyone back home.

	This document is a letter dated October 7, 1840 from Robert Chester to his daughter Mary Jane, who attended a female academy in Columbia Tennessee. Chester discusses family affairs and tells her that Andrew Jackson was at their house for dinner when her last letter arrived.

	This document is a letter from Mary Jane Chester to her sister Martha Chester in Jackson, Tennessee. Mary Jane discusses her daily routine at the girls institute that she attends.

	This document is a letter written by Robert Chester to his daughter, Mary Jane Chester, on October 5, 1840. In the letter, Robert expresses his anxieties about Mary Jane`s health, and has decided to have her aunt go to Columbia, Tennessee, to get her and bring her home. He also discusses a visit to his family by Andrew Jackson.

	This document is a letter containing two parts, both written to Mary Jane Chester, on September 29, 1840. The first part of the letter is written by Mary Jane`s younger sister Martha, who discusses events going on at home. The second part is written by her father, Robert, and discusses family events and her health. Robert writes that if she is still ill by their next correspondence, he is going to send for her to come home from school.

	This document is a letter written by Mary Jane Chester to her mother, Elizabeth Chester, on September 29, 1840. In the letter, Mary Jane discusses her recent illness, her desire to return home, and her schooling at the Institute. She says that the Institute is very strict against girls and that there are 112 scholars enrolled in school there.

	This document is a letter written by Elizabeth Chester to her daughter, Mary Jane Chester, on September 17, 1840. In the letter, Elizabeth wishes good health to her daughter, and expresses her and her family`s desire to see Mary Jane soon. Elizabeth writes of missing her daughter, the sickness of a dear relative, and information concerning the relocation of some of Mary Jane`s friends.

	This is a letter dated February 6, 1831 to Susan Gallagher from her brother J. Baynard Snowden of Nashville, Tennessee. Snowden writes of a friend moving to Cincinnati, Ohio in order to protect his children from the effects of slavery. He also writes that he dined with President Andrew Jackson at the Hermitage.

	This document is a letter written from Andrew Jackson Coffee to his brother Alexander D. Coffee, dated December 18, 1850. In the letter, Andrew discusses monies owed him by Robert and William Warren, and about the explosion of the Steamboat Knoxville.

	This document is a letter written from Andrew Jackson Coffee to his brother Alexander D. Coffee, dated October 5, 1850. In the letter, Andrew discusses an amount of money owed him by Robert and William Warren and about some "Bounty Land" coming to the family for his father`s service in the Creek War of 1812 and with Britain in 1814 and 1815.

	This document is a letter written from Andrew Jackson Coffee to his brother Alexander D. Coffee, dated July 17, 1850. The letter speaks of family matters, such as taking over guardianship of their nephew, John Coffee, and the birth of Andrew`s new son. The letter also speaks of events going on in the country, such as General Taylor`s death, disputes over the boundary line of Texas, and the prediction by Andrew that a Civil War is imminent if the South does not get to keep its rights to owning slaves.

	This document is a letter to Alexander Coffee, dated June 9, 1849 from his brother Andrew Jackson Coffee regarding the sale of slaves in New Orleans and the death of General Gaines.

	This document is a letter written from Andrew Jackson Coffee to his brother Alex Coffee, dated April 4, 1849. Andrew writes the letter from Washington D. C., and speaks of the political atmosphere there at the time.

	This document is a letter dated March 27, 1849 to Alexander D. Coffee from his brother Andrew Jackson Coffee. Andrew write his brother about various political appointments about to occur in Alabama, and that he was honored by the late President for his services in the Battle of Buena Vista.

	This document is a letter dated February 15, 1849 to Alexander D. Coffee from Andrew Jackson Coffee regarding a mix-up in their newspaper subscriptions.

	This document is a letter written to Alexander D. Coffee from his brother, Andrew Jackson Coffee on January 15, 1848. In the letter, Andrew expresses his views on events occuring in the Mexican-American War, judges` appointments in Tennessee, the Tennessee River`s overflowing and causing destruction, the lack of a good cotton market, and the birth of his new son, Andrew Jackson Coffee.

	This document is a letter from Andrew Jackson Coffee to his brother, Alex D. Coffee, dated January 11, 1840. Alex is studying at the University of Nashville, Tennessee, and Andrew writes to him telling of events that have occured to others that they know and to himself.

	This document is a letter dated December 25, 1839 to Alexander Coffee from his brother Andrew Jackson Coffee who writes of Christmas, their family, and a recent surveying trip.

	This document is a letter written from Andrew Jackson Coffee to his brother, John D. Coffee, dated December 8, 1835. In the letter, Andrew discusses his anger at John for writing him letters of unwanted advice and criticism. Andrew asks him not to write to him anymore if the subjects of the letters will be the same as the previous ones.

	This document is a military order from Andrew Jackson allowing General John Coffee to deliver to Edmund Winston a bond due by Colonel Anthony Winston for the sum one thousand, sixty six dollars and two third cents.

	This document is a letter dated August 20, 1819 to General John Coffee from Andrew Jackson regarding the birth of General Coffee`s son who was named after Andrew Jackson.

	A letter in response to the issue of putting a "negro" on the board of John Gaston Hospital. Mayor Orgill had requested citizen comment. This citizen accuses Orgill of being a "negro lover."

	A letter in response to the issue of putting a "negro" on the board of John Gaston Hospital. Mayor Orgill had requested citizen comment. This anonymous citizen accuses Orgill of being a "negro lover" and reminds him that there is still a Ku Klux Klan presence in Memphis.

	A poem written by Charles Pressley Simonton of Covington, Tennessee. He often wrote poems on political themes and sent them to politicians, magazines, and friends. Simonton was County Clerk of Tipton County and also served as a Democratic senator in the Tennessee General Assembly from 1925-1927.

	Letter to Mr. Simonton regarding his subscription to The Suffragist. Also discusses the current political situation surrounding the movement. Note - In addition to being editor of THe Suffragist, Sue S. White was also Chairman of the National Woman`s Party, Tennessee Branch.

	A license to Covington Cotton Oil Company to run a cotton seed oil mill in Tipton County, Tennessee for six months beginning November 1, 1899.

	The patent for an ice-making machine was owned by L.D. Barlsback and purchased by N.H. Murphy for the area of Tipton County, Tennessee.

	This quartermaster invoice of Captain John D. Goodall details the clothing, camp and garrison equipage of Company e, 4th Tenn., Volunteer Regt. in the Mexican War. Among the items issued were jackets, pants, drawers, caps, blankets, wall tents, common tents, kettles, pans, canteens, axes, spades, drum, fife and bedsacks.

	The Davidson County Court set the tavern rates in their July session of 1820 for whiskey, wine, brandy, breakfast, dinner, supper, the stabling of horses and a single feed. Nathan Ewing is the clerk who wrote the record.

	This marriage license for Robert Thompson and Sarah Castleman dates from the time when the land that is now Tennessee was part of North Carolina, before Tennessee became a state. The date has an interesting addition: "This 11th day of Apr. 1785 and 9th of our Independence."

	In this letter, Lemuel Donelson writes of family illness, General Andrew Jackson recovering from his illness in Washington and his own visits to the battlefield of Blandensburg and the ruins of the city of Washington and the Naval Yard with General Jackson.

	One of five letters in the Tennessee Historical Society collection from John Donelson, Jr. to his father Captain John Donelson in Nashville, Tennessee during the War of 1812. This letter describes the involvement of his company in battles around New Orleans, including the Battle of New Orleans.

	This is one of five letters in the Tennessee Historical Society collection from John Donelson, Jr. to his father Captain John Donelson in Nashville, Tennessee during the War of 1812. John Donelson, Jr. writes from Fort William, in what was then the Mississippi Territory and currently Alabama, about the Battle of Horseshoe Bend.

	In this letter, David Crockett tells of the political news of the day, mentioning John C. Calhoun, Martin Van Buren, Andrew Jackson and other prominent figures.

	In this letter, David Crockett writes of the death of his niece, Rebecca Ann Burgin, whose skull was crushed between the yoke of a team of oxen and a post. He also speaks of an impending trade in which he was to give a mule and 150 dollars in exchange for one "negro boy about ten years of age and well grown."

	This is one of two court martials of Private William Natcher during the Mexican War in the THS Miscellaneous Collection. Natcher was accussed of drunkenness and "raising quarrells and disturbances." Natches declined to defend himself, was found guilty, and sentenced to ninety-six hours of extra duty.

	In this letter, John Coffee describes the Battle of New Orleans and the activities before and after the battle to John Donelson during the War of 1812. This letter is partially torn and pieced together, but still legible.

	In this four page letter, John Coffee describes the battle in which John Donelson`s son, Sandy Donelson, was killed during the Creek War. Coffee served under General Andrew Jackson and this battle was part of the larger War of 1812. The paper is thin and the ink bleeds through, but the letter is legible.

	The Supervisor of Revenue in Tennessee, John Overton, issued this permit and license to Robert Cartwright of Davidson County to operate a still for one month. Cartwright agreed to pay "the revenue," likely a tax, upon every gallon which shall accrue to the United States at the rate of 10 cents per gallon.

	Secretary of War Simon Cameron`s telegram to Tennessee Governor Isham G. Harris in the early days of the Civil War asks for two regiments of militia for immediate use, and prompted Harris` famous reply.

	This document is letter dated June 14, 1846 from William R. Caswell to his wife in Jefferson County, Tennessee. Caswell writes that he is marching his troops to Memphis where they will go to Mexico to fight in the Mexican-American War.

	This document is a letter dated July 21, 1846 from Captain William R. Caswell to his wife in Jefferson County, Tennessee. Captain Caswell writes that he is awaiting passage by steamship to New Orleans where he will then go to Mexico to serve in the Mexican-American War.

	This document is a letter dated July 22, 1846 from Captain William Caswell to his father, Benjamin McCulloch of Murfreesboro Tennessee. Caswell wrote from aboard the Steamship Champion on his wait to fight as one of the Tennessee volunteers in the Mexican-American War.

	This document is a letter dated August 7, 1846 from Captain William Caswell to his wife in Jefferson County, Tennessee. Caswell served during the Mexican-American War and was part of the Tennessee volunteers. In this letter Caswell describes his trip down the Mississippi river and the islands along the coast of Mexico.

	This document is a letter dated August 28, 1846 from William Caswell to his wife in Jefferson County, Tennessee. Caswell served during the Mexican-American War and was part of the Tennessee volunteers. In this letter Caswell writes news of illness in the camp near Carmango, Mexico.

	This document is a letter dated October 2, 1846 from Captain William R. Caswell to his wife, Elizabeth. Captain Caswell was one of many Tennessee volunteers who served in the Mexican-American War. He writes about the recent battle in Monterey, and gives his wife advice on business at home.

	This document is a letter dated October 13, 1846 from Captain William R. Caswell to his mother Sarah McCulloch. Captain Caswell served during the Mexican-American War, and was one of the Tennessee "Volunteers".

	This document is a letter dated October 31, 1846 from Captain William R. Caswell to his wife in Jefferson County, Tennessee. Captain Caswell served in the Mexican-American War and was part of the Tennessee "Volunteers." Caswell wrote numerous letters to his wife while on duty in and around Mexico.

	This document is a certificate dated August 1830, allowing William Richard Caswell to take necessary steps to obtain a license to practice law in the state of Tennessee. The certificate was granted on the motion of esquire Ephraim H. Foster.

	This document is a letter dated August 8, 1842 from William R. Caswell in Elizabethton, TN to his wife in Knoxville. Caswell writes about his travels through East Tennessee and about their financial woes.

	This document is a letter written by Captain William Richard Caswell to his wife on October 10, 1846. Captain Caswell was a volunteer from Tennessee who served in the Mexican-American War. In the letter, Caswell expresses his unhappiness that his wife has not written to him in a while, in addition to his concern for her and their family`s health. Caswell also discusses events going on in the war and the character of the other soldiers stationed with him. He concludes the letter by expressing his, as well as another soldier`s, interest in learning to speak Spanish in order to understand what is being said around him.

	This document is a journal entry written November 22, 1846 by Captain William Richard Caswell. Caswell kept a journal during his service in the Mexican-American War. He comments in this entry that the Tennessee Regiment of Cavalry is strong in numbers and in health, and says that their doctor, a man named Robards, is to thank for this.

	This document is a letter written by William Richard Caswell to his wife from Vera Cruz, Mexico during the Mexican-American War. Caswell explains that the take over of Vera Cruz was victorious for the Americans and that his wife should hear from intelligence soon.

	This document is a letter written by William R. Caswell to his wife on March 29, 1847. In the letter, Caswell states that he is stationed near Vera Cruz and gives accounts of events going on in the war and with himself. He describes buildings in the area, some of which have been destroyed by bomb shells. Caswell expresses the mood of the men and his desire to come home, as well as describing the character of several other soldiers. Caswell concludes the letter by stating where his Regiment will be stationed next, and his opinion that the war is almost over.

	This document is a letter from E. C. Caswell of Russelville, Tennessee to her husband William Richard Caswell, dated April 14, 1847. Mr. Caswell was part of the "volunteers" of Tennessee who fought in the Mexican-American War. Her letter expresses concern for him because she had just received news about the battle in Vera Cruz and had not heard from him in several weeks.

	This document is a letter written by William Richard Caswell, March 11th, 1847, to his wife while on board the "St. Patrick" during the Mexican-American War. Caswell was part of the many "volunteers" from Tennessee to fight in the war.

	The following document, dated April 24, 1847, is a letter written by William R. Caswell to his wife during the Mexican-American war. Caswell was one of many Tennessee volunteers to fight in the war. He writes to assure his wife that he is safe and well after the battle of Vera Cruz, and he expresses hope of returning home soon.

	This document is the minutes from a railroad meeting dated June 28, 1836. Four delegates were chosen to attend a convention to be held in Knoxville, Tennessee on July 4th 1837. Delegates from all over the United States would then discuss the construction of a railroad from Cincinnati, Ohio to Charleston, South Carolina.

	This document is a letter dated September 5, 1832, written by William Richard Caswell to one Mr. Gillespie. The letter discusses possible candidates for the Senate.

	This document is a letter written from J. Pike [amp] Company to Doctor A. King [amp] Company dated March 16, 1836. The letter shows a listing of medicines ordered by Doctor A. King [amp] Company from J. Pike [amp] Company. The medicines are arriving late because of delays due to a canal being closed. Some of the medicines listed are herbs and seasonings used to create medicines. The letter is concluded by giving a recipe for wine bitter using some of the medicines named in the letter.

	This document is a letter written by James King to his wife dated October 21, 1835. King writes the letter from Memphis, Tennessee, where yellow fever has killed many of its residents and has caused others to flee the city. King writes of his good health and of hers, certain business matters involving himself, and states that the fever will soon be gone so that Mrs. King can return home. King speaks of many of their friends in the city that have become ill, or were ill due to the fever. He concludes by wishing her and their family continued health and a prompt reunion.

	This document is a letter dated December 28, 1839 from James Monroe Welcker in Knoxville, Tennessee to his brother Charles Frederick Welcker in Roane County, Tennessee. James writes briefly about Christmas in Knoxville and his disappointment at not seeing their brother Lewis. He also talks quite extensively about livestock.

	This document is a letter dated December 24, 1839, from R. A. Ramsey in Chattanooga, Tennessee to Charles F. Welcker in Kingston, Tennessee. Ramsey is responding to an enquiry from Welcker and states that he intends to retain his current blacksmith at a price of 350 dollars.

	This document is a letter dated December 24, 1839, from Albert S. Lenoir to his brother-in-law Charles F. Welcker in Roane County, Tennessee. Lenoir writes to inform Welcker that his sister, Lenoir`s wife, Catherine, had just given birth to a baby boy. Both mother and child were in fine health. He also briefly mentions that he hopes the Georgia railroad will extend to Chattanooga.

	This document is a letter dated July 7, 1839, from Albert S. Lenoir to his brother-in-law Charles F. Welcker in Roane County, Tennessee. Lenoir writes to inform Welcker that Ellick, a slave he had hired from Welcker was found to have left his clothes behind in a hollow log as he had seemingly departed from Lenoir`s property. Lenoir states that he wishes to flog Ellick, but asks Welcker his opinion on the matter.

	This document is a letter dated June 15, 1839, from H. Yoakum in Murfreesboro, Tennessee to Charles Welcker in Kingston. Yoakum writes that he has been expecting Welcker`s sister and niece to arrive in Murfreesboro for school, and he briefly mentions upcoming examinations. He also briefly mentions the political atmosphere and the Democratic party.

	This document is a letter dated April 25, 1839, from Albert S. Lenoir to his brother-in-law Charles Frederick Welcker in Roane County. Lenoir encloses in the letter a table of the land recently purchased by him and Charles` brother Henry.

	This document is a letter dated April 15, 1839, from James Monroe Welcker to his brother Charles Frederick Welcker in Kingston, Tennessee. James writes from the home of a Captain Lackey, whom he says has two mules that Charles may like to employ for ploughing.

	This document is a contract dated March 2, 1839, written by Albert S. Lenoir. It involves the hire of two slaves from the property of his deceased father-in-law Henry Welcker and is arranged with Charles F. Welcker, son and agent to the deceased Welcker. Lenoir agrees to pay 100 dollars for each of the slaves for a term of one year.

	This document is a letter dated January 5, 1839, from James Monroe Welcker in Knoxville, Tennessee, to his brother Charles Frederick Welcker in Roane County. James informs his brother that he could not procure any of the clover seed he had been asked to send, nor could he manage to finish other business for their brother Henry and others.

	This document is a letter dated November 5, 1838, from Albert S. Lenoir at Ross` Landing, Tennessee to his brother-in-law Charles Frederick Welcker in Talladega, Alabama. Albert discusses his personal business and that of the family, and he also talks of going soon to Roane County. He also mentions the building of a Georgia railroad.

	This document is a letter dated April 6, 1838, from Henry Inman Welcker in Kingston, Tennessee, to his brother Charles Frederick Welcker in Talladega, Alabama. Henry writes about a trip he had recently taken up north to purchase goods for his mercantile business. He describes his modes of travel, the fierce weather conditions, and the people he encountered along the way.

	This document is a letter dated February 13, 1838, from James Monroe Welcker to his brother Henry Inman Welcker in Kingston, Tennessee. The Welckers were a prominent family from Roane County. James writes this letter from Knoxville, where he is studying law and their younger brother Albert is attending school. James responds to Henry`s earlier enquiry regarding merchants going east, and he discusses family matters as well.

	This document is a letter dated December 8, 1837, from R. J. Meigs in Nashville to Charles F. Welcker in Talladega, Alabama. Meigs is writing in response to an inquiry of Welcker`s regarding the currency exchange rate between Tennessee, Alabama, and Kentucky money.

	This document is a letter dated September 20, 1837, from George L. Welcker in Terre Haute, Indiana, to his brother Charles F. Welcker in Talladega, Alabama. The Welckers were a prominent family in Roane County, Tennessee. In this letter, George writes mostly about family matters. He also discusses Mississippi, describing it as an unhealthy and destitute country. George further updates his brother on events in his own life in Indiana.

	This document is a letter dated September 13, 1837, from Judge James C. Mitchell to his son-in-law Charles F. Welcker in Kingston, Tennessee. Mitchell talks about the good health that he and the family are enjoying, and he gives Welcker and his daughter Caroline the good news that he has recently remarried. He also discusses the various schools throughout Tennessee to which he may send his children and grandchildren. The remainder of the letter involves family matters and Mitchell`s personal business.

	This document is a letter dated June 4, 1837 from George Lewis Welcker to his brother Henry Inman Welcker in Talladega, Alabama. George writes of his recent relocation to Terre Haute, Indiana and describes his pleasant trip and all the old friends he met on the way. He briefly discusses his military duties in Terre Haute, inquires about the family, and discourages his brother from venturing into a business partnership in Talladega.

	This document is a letter dated May 13, 1837, from James Monroe Welcker at East Tennessee College to his brother Charles F. Welcker in Talladega, Alabama. James writes to his brother about personal and family matters. He speaks of the latest news of their siblings, two of whom--Frederick and Benjamin Franklin--are also attending school in Knoxville. James also talks of his displeasure in hearing of the recent sickness in his brother`s family.

	This document is a letter dated April 23, 1839, from A. J. Lenoir to Charles F. Welcker in Roane County, TN. Lenoir informs Welcker that his brother George has taken ill and is believed to have scarlet fever. He asks Charles to come soon to visit his brother.

	This document is a letter dated April 20, 1837, from Frederick A. Welcker at East Tennessee College (currently the University of Tennessee) to his brother Charles F. Welcker in Talladega, Alabama. Frederick talks about the school, his examination, and the rival social societies. He also discusses upcoming congressional elections and the candidates. Finally, he expresses shock at the news that their sister Catharine had recently gotten married.

	This document is a letter written by C. J. F. Mitchell, the sister-in-law of Charles F. Welcker, dated March 15, 1837. Mitchell writes to her sister and brother-in-law in Talladega, Alabama and informs them of the latest news from her school in Winchester, Tennessee, and she asks about the condition of all the family.

	This document is a purchase agreement signed by Henry Welcker of Roane County, TN and dated February 23, 1837. Welcker has sold to Joseph Burke 400 bushels of corn, and the document outlines how the transfer of the corn is to take place.

	The following document is a correspondence amongst the Welcker family, a prominent landholding family of Roane County. The letter, dated December 21, 1836, is from Catharine F. Welcker to her brother Charles F. Welcker. Catharine gives her brother news of the mill he owns, which was situated on the mouth of Poplar Creek. She also relays business advice and proposals from their father, Henry Welcker, and talks of their brother Monroe going to school in Knoxville, most likely to East Tennessee College.

	This document is a letter dated December 16, 1836, written by David Campbell to Mr. N. A. McBee, corresponding secretary of East Tennessee College (currently the University of Tennessee). Campbell writes to accept his nomination as honorary member of the Chi Delta Literary Society.

	This document is a letter dated November 14, 1836, written by Henry Welcker of Roane County, TN, to his son Charles F. Welcker in Talladega, AL. Henry writes that he heard of some land Charles has, and he offers to send some "hiring hands" (slaves) to help work the land. He also talks of some former Cherokee land that is being surveyed and sold. He further discusses some local news and events.

	The following document is a letter dated June 19, 1836, to Henry Welcker of Roane County, TN, from his son Frederick at East Tennessee College (currently the University of Tennessee). Frederick writes about the cost of some land belonging to his late brother William, as well as other financial matters.

	This document is a letter dated August 19, 1836 to Mr. Grantham and Mr. Welcker from James R. Hobbs and company regarding four cotton gins purchased but not yet paid for. Mr. Hobbs asks that they please send payment for the cotton gins.

	This document is a letter dated December 16, 1836 to Mr. N. A. McBee at East Tennessee College from David Campbell. Campbell thanks McBee for being invited to join the Chi Delta Society as an honorary member.

	This document is a letter dated April 23, 1836 to Charles F. Welcker from Richard Grantham regarding a buying trip for goods such as bacon and flour.

	This document is a letter dated December 18, 1835 to Henry Welcker from his sister Catharine Welcker. Catharine writes of various events that occurred in her boarding school in Kingston Tennessee.

	This document is a letter dated November 23, 1835 to Charles F. Welcker from Richard Grantham regarding various business deals Grantham is working on for Welcker.

	This document is a receipt dated May 3, 1820. William Blythe of the Cherokee Nation, for the sum of five hundred dollars sells to Henry Welker a thirty year old negro man named George Kemp.

	This document is a receipt, dated July 17th 1815 for Henry Welker to have the right to use John Sweet`s patent for the management of bees in Roane County, Tennessee.

	This document is a receipt for a fourteen year old boy who was sold to one Henry Welker by one George Starns of Rhea County Tennessee, February 3, 1813.

	The following document is a letter dated May 5, 1835, written by Richard Grantham to Jonathan Grantham and Charles F. Welcker in Talladega, Alabama. Richard requests some iron be sent to him for his blacksmith shop.

	The following document is a letter dated April 8, 1835, from J. M. Mitchell in Walnut Grove, Tennessee, to Charles F. Welcker in Talladega, Alabama. Mitchell writes the letter to discuss Welcker`s horse breeding business. Mitchell advises Welcker that it is in the interest of his business to come to Walnut Grove, and he also informs Welcker of his plans of starting a cotton business in Mississippi.

	The following document is a letter dated August 2, 1834, written to Charles F. Welcker by his brother Frederick A. Welcker in McMinn County, TN. In the letter, Frederick writes of his departure from home in April and his journeys since across East Tennessee in search of employment.

	The following document is a letter dated May 18, 1835, written to Charles F. Welcker from his brother Henry J. Welcker in Kingston, TN. Henry updates his brother on the affairs of the family, including the current status of their father`s property and their brothers` whereabouts and circumstances.

	The following document is a letter dated August 18, 1833, written by Charles F. Welcker in East Tennessee to his brother George L. Welcker in West Point, New York. Charles writes to inform his brother of the latest news from home, including the results of recent elections and an update on the well-being of friends and family.

	The following document is an excerpt of a letter written by George Welcker at the West Point military academy to his father in Tennessee. In the letter, George updates his father on issues related to his schooling, including his position in recent class rankings and fellow Tennesseans at West Point.

	The following document is a letter dated August 13, 1832, from George L. Welcker in West Point, NY to his brother, Charles F. Welcker, in Kingston. George writes to inform his family of his well-being since arriving at the military academy, and he inquires about the latest news from home.

	This document is a letter written by William A. Love in Harnageville, GA to Charles F. Welcker in Kingston, dated April 13, 1832. Love writes the letter to his friend to update him on the situation in regards to Cherokee land. Love also writes at length on religious matters.

	The most unique entry in Eliza Rhea Anderson Fain`s journal is about two slaves, Dick and Polly, who emigrate to Liberia from east Tennessee in 1842. The rest of the journal consists mainly of the Rhea family geneaology from the late 18th century until around 1840. The journal entries date from approximately the 1830s until the 1860s.

	The exterior and one page from Eliza Rhea Anderson Fain`s personal diary. This entry from the journal was written when Fain and all of her children suffered from the measles in May of 1843. The rest of the journal consists mainly of the Rhea family geneaology from the late 18th century until around 1840. The journal entries date from approximately the 1830s until the 1860s.

	A letter written by Charles Coffin on September 17, 1835 in Greeneville, Tennessee to John S. Williams Sr. The writer discusses the coming railroad in East Tennessee, which will benefit the region as well as the entire country. The writer lists the abundant natural resources in the area, including timber, iron, and marble. He also mentions whiskey, ginseng, dried fruit, and livestock being transported by the railroad. The second page of this letter is not in this collection, and the first page (presented here) is in fragments. The letter may be from Charles Coffin, but this is not certain.

	This is a court document charging Wyatt Pierce, a free black man, with the crime of tippling (drinking alcohol).

	A warrant to the Sheriff of Henry County orders him to summon witnesses to Henry County Court. A charge of "unlawful assembly" was filed against Henry Wilkins for allowing "an assemblage of slaves in unusual numbers and at suspicious times."

	Lawsuit for the whipping of a slave named "Billy." The slave`s owner, James Hicks, sued a man named Thomas Read for whipping Billy. Read claimed that Billy had tried to slip a saw knife to prisoners in jail and that he had whipped Billy in punishment. Hicks sued Read for $1000 in damages.

	Records from the case of Ripley Dunlap v. Alexander McCullough. Dunlap purchased slaves from McCullough and later filed suit claiming they were sickly and not healthy as promised. Dr. J. Butler gave a deposition that he examined the body of one of Dunlap`s young slaves and found that her lungs were diseased.

	A land grant given to Hiram Pettyjohn in Henry County, Tennessee, signed by Governor James K. Polk. The grant describes the various trees (such as black oak and poplar) growing on the land.

	A grant given to Hiram Pettyjohn of Henry County, Tennessee for 189 acres of land. Governor Aaron V. Brown`s signature appears on the grant as a witness.

	A land grant giving property to Augustine Berry. The grant is signed by Tennessee Governor Sam Houston. Secretary of State Daniel Graham`s signature also appears.

	A letter from Tennessee Governor James D. Porter addressed to E.D. Hicks. Governor Porter requests that Hicks send two checks to Louisville, KY and asks how much two Chattanooga Railroad Bonds will cost. The letter bears Governor Porter`s letterhead and signature.

	A writ giving authorization to take depositions on behalf of the plaintiff in a Henry County Court case. The writ includes the "Rules for taking a deposition." The rules state that depositions may be given before a Clerk [amp] Master; Benjamin Brown acted as Clerk [amp] Master in this case.

	Henry County records a charge of "bastardy" against Sterling Brewer and Nancy McDaniel for having a child out of wedlock. Warrants issued to the Sheriffs of Humphreys and Henry County order the couple`s arrest.

	Henry County Court brings a charge of "lewdness" against Fanny Jameson and Elijah Ethridge for living together out of wedlock. Two warrants instruct the Sheriff of Henry County (at that time, William R. Owen) to arrest Jameson and Ethridge.

	A letter written by Justices L.W. Lester and Eli Kendall of Henry County, addressed to any lawful officer of Henry County. The letter explains that Jane Brandon, a single woman, has accused a man named Larkin Cathey of "having gotten her with child of a bastard child." The letter commands that Cathey be apprehended.

	Records of a case against a single woman named Sarah Hogan. Hogan was accused of having a bastard child and strangling him to death. Witnesses testified against her, and the jury found her guilty.

	This appears to be a clerk`s cash book for marriages issued for the amount of $200 per marriage. There is a list of men`s names under "From Whome Received" and a list of women`s names under "On What Account".

	This document is a bill of lading for shipment of Andrew Jackson`s cotton from Nashville to New Orleans by steamboat. It lists 71 bales of cotton weighing 32,657 pounds, shipped at a freight rate of 75 cents per 100 pounds.

	A list of the enslaved people on Andrew Jackson`s farm, The Hermitage, organized by family groups listing individuals by name and age.

	This letter from Andrew Jackson to Rachel Jackson was written from Jones Bend, Cumberland (Knoxville), on May 9, 1796. It is a love letter, filled with expressions of affection and hope for the future. Jackson spoke of retiring from public life, longing to spend his days in "domestick sweetness," citing such a life as his "only ambition and ultimate wish."

	This is a receipt dated 1792 for payment for services rendered by James White in resucing three children of Jacob Zeigler (deceased) from the Indians. It was sworn to as a true debt and signed by J Winchester, a Sumner County Justice of the Peace.

	A 1797 report from a "jury" for the laying of a road from Ft. Blunt (Blount) to Bledsoe`s Creek in Sumner County, Tennessee.

	A deed that conveys a tract of land to several Commissioners so to establish the town of Gallatin. Includes a description of the tract of land to be conveyed in the description method of poles and degrees. On the reverse side, the Clerk of Sumner County Court, David Shelby signed as acceptable. The Register of Deeds also signed acknowledging the recording of the deed.

	This commission dated 1790 signed by William Blount in his capacity of "Governor in and over the Territory of the United States of America South of the River Ohio" grants a Justice of the Peace Commission to William Dillion, Esquire of Sumner County. On the reverse side, is sworn testimony by John McNairy that William Dillion swore an oath to uphold the Constitution of the United States.

	This is a Petition for Emancipation made on November 20, 1820 that asks the County Court of Sumner County to free a slave of William Trigg (deceased), Esea because of the request in William Trigg`s Last Will and Testament for Esea`s freedom because of meritorious services rendered his master. In the court order granting freedom to Esea, Samuel K. Blythe was to put up $500 as security to indemnify the county of any incidental charge or expense that may be incurred by reason of the freeing of "said negro Esea."

	A legal Petition for Emancipation made by a slave (Sukey) who had been emancipated by the will of her deceased master, John Headon, for the faithful attention she had given to him, especially in his illness. According to the legal order granting her freedom, Sukey was "forever free with all her future posterity born or to be born since the death of her said master." A security in the amount of $1,000 was required. Edward Douglass, chairman of the court signed the order.

	This letter was written as an court order to establish a smallpox hospital in Sumner County, Tennessee in 1865. The order stated that laws of state gave them the right to establish the hospital, thus, the court established a hospital. All persons with small pox were ordered to go to the hospital to prevent the spread of the disease. They were to be subject to the control of the hospital`s superintendent and had to obey any and all rules and regulations necessary for governing the hospital. The hospital was under the control of the court, and the expenses were a county charge paid out of the funds of the court.

	Rations receipts for four members of the Cumberland Battalion, Sumner County in 1789: Joel Eckols, lighthorseman, Henry Robertson, McLaughlin, and John Brolly. They are signed by either William Martin or Joseph Hadly and approved by Isaac Bledsoe.

	This document from Sumner County dates from the time when the area was still part of the state of North Carolina. There is a list of people to be fined 5 pounds - Samuel Hays, Alexander Hamilton, John Hickson, James Odam, William Maxwell, David Hughs, Matthew Kuykendall and George Martin. It is dated 14 October 1789, 14th year of Independence.

	Ingram Blanks Collier was interested in created a railroad system that connected the towns of Lebanon, Gallatin, and Murfreesboro. This 1869 letter, written to Collier by a couple of his colleagues in Lebanon, details some of the men`s considerations while attempting to develop the corporation.

	These State Teachers College`s dormitory rules enumerated the standards by which young women were expected to behave while attending the institution. Women at the college adhered to standards that were more stringent than those required of men.

	On April 10, 1863, Emma Lane began a diary. A Murfreesboro tennager, her hometown was occupied by Union troops. Friends and relatives were in military service or otherwise imperiled by the Civil War. Life went on, however, and Emma chronicled it in her own, almost taciturn, way. These five pages from her diary (dating February-April 1865) describe events from Emma`s perspective at 500 North Spring Street, her childhood home.

	Wiliam Goldstein requested United States citizenship in 1894, having abided by constitutional laws governing the naturalization process. These papers represent a handwritten copy of the original document, which was filed at the Rutherford County Courthouse. This copy was produced the same year as the original to supplement Mr. Goldstein`s personal records.

	This is a letter written on Christmas eve, 1850 from Thomas Moore to James Moore King. Moore tells King of his crop yield and sales prices.

	This is a letter written on March 7, 1850 to James King, from Thomas Moore. Moore discusses his farm and the desire for more slaves for himself and other family members.

	This is a letter dated November 30, 1849 from Thomas Moore to his cousin James King. In the letter Moore criticizes King for his political views associated with the Whig party and urges him to repudiate them before God and his fellow countrymen.

	This is a letter dated December 20, 1843 from Thomas Moore to James M. King. In addition to asking King to repent his political sins, Moore reports on the condition of his crops, and plans for future visits.

	This is a letter dated August 7, 1842 from Thomas Moore to James King. The subject of the letter is Sarah Moore and her economic hardship and well-being. Moore also briefly mentions politics and the "whig portion" of the Legislature.

	This is a very brief letter dated December 3, 1839 from Austin Miller to James Moore King. Miller informs King of the legal steps he had taken toward settlement of a debt.

	This is a letter dated June 18, 1839 from Sally Gannaway to her Aunt Martha King. This is a very personal letter, filled with the recollections and thoughts of day-to-day life concerning the family, as well as news of the impending death of her cousin Judy.

	This is a letter from B. Gannaway to James King. Gannaway`s letter informs King of the status of his plantation crops, and other items he is selling for him.

	This is a letter dated June 13, 1839 from James King to his son Henry King. James King gives his son several directions for looking after the plantation, and requests that every thing be well tended to.

	This is a letter dated June 10, 1839 from Henry King to his father James King. He tells his father that despite the cold weather, his cotton crops are tolerable, and the other crops are in fine order.

	This is a letter dated June 4, 1839 from Burl Gannaway to James Moore King. The contents of the letter focus on daily life events and serves to update King on many matters of business.

	This is a letter dated October 3, 1838 from James King to his son Henry King. He tells his son to finish his business of selling meat, the prices he should expect, and tells him to make plans to come home.

	This is a short letter dated September 15, 1838 from J. Woods to Henry King. The content of the letter concerns the selling price of meat in different areas of the South, including North Carolina and Alabama.

	This is a letter dated August 30, 1838 from Henry King to his father James King. In the letter Henry tells his father of his endeavors at the market, as well as the prices per pound that he obtained for his hams.

	This is a letter dated August 16, 1838 from Thomas Moore to his cousin James King. In the letter Moore highlights some events of daily life in Louisiana as well as hopes and prospects for his crops.

	This is a letter dated July 5, 1838 from James King to his son Henry King. In much of the letter, King offers advice to his son concerning military matters, discipline, and the attributes of a good soldier.

	This is a letter dated June 16, 1838 from James King to his son, Henry King. He praises his son for his achievements as a volunteer in the army and is grateful for the letters Henry has written to him. He urges him to write with more information on army movements and other inside information.

	This is a letter dated June 15, 1838 from Henry King to his uncle H.D. Jameson. In the letter King writes to his mother, and expresses his well-being as part of his battalion.

	This is a letter dated June 4, 1838 from Henry King to his father James King. In the letter, Henry details a few days in his life as a soldier, and some details of his movements.

	This is a letter dated June 1, 1838 from Sarah Moore to her cousin Henry King. She offers him news of the family as well as the status of their health. Moore also expresses concern over Henry King`s daily routine and safety.

	This is a letter dated May 29, 1838 from Mrs. James King to her son Henry King. She warns her son to take care of himself, and to observe safety and duty as a young soldier.

	This is a letter dated May 18, 1838 from James King to his son Henry King. He instructs his son on the virtues of being a good soldier, as well as his various duties and responsibilities.

	This is a letter from Thomas Moore dated April 30, 1837 to his cousin James M. King. Moore tells King of the failure of many banks in Louisiana, and that many lives had been interrupted by a virtually paralyzed commercial community. According to Moore`s letter, money is scarce, and his future, as well as many other`s is uncertain.

	This is a letter dated June 13, 1837 from from Thomas Moore to his cousin James King. In the letter, Moore expresses his distress over the death of his sister`s husband, and worry for her future. He also expresses concern over his cotton crop, that is hindered by drought. He also writes in his letter that the Bank has suspended specie payment, and he is unsure when it will resume.

	This is a letter dated February 22, 1836 from Thomas Moore to his cousin James King. Moore asks King to keep him updated on the current prices of slaves in King`s area and of the prospects he has for his crops.

	This is a letter dated August, 1835 from James Moore King to his cousin Thomas Moore. He conveys the price many slaves are being sold for and their characteristics.

	This is a letter dated March 9, 1835 from Thomas Moore to his cousin James King. He urges his cousin to resettle in the south, specifically Louisiana, as soon as possible, as land is quickly being bought and land prices are rising.

	This is a letter dated July 10, 1835 from Thomas Moore to his cousin James M. King. Moore acknowledges this is the first opportunity has has had to write in some time. He says his son and family are well, but he expresses concern over the health of his crops. He urges King to buy land in Mississippi, and offers him advice on the success of such an endeavor. detail loc of author: Alexandria, Louisiana

	A letter dated December 22, 1834 from Thomas Moore to his cousin James King. In addition to telling King that his crops were destroyed by fierce rains, he also tells of his hopes of financial gain with his spring crops.

	This is a letter dated February 24, 1834 to James King from his cousin Thomas Moore. Moore mentions that three of his slaves had run away and describes their pursuit and capture. He also writes of his prospects of his cotton and corn crops in light of the "bank question" possibly being settled by Congress.

	This is a one page letter dated January 26, 1834 from James Moore King to Major Sims. The subject of the letter is the preparation of a dinner for the volunteer soldiers.

	This is a letter written on December 4, 1833 from Thomas O. Moore to his cousin James Moore King. He writes of the great panic in Louisiana caused by the Cholera, as well as fear that half of the country will die from the disease. Moore also writes of difficulties in finding workers, and hope that the disease has left their region.

	This is a letter dated August 20, 1833 from Thomas O. Moore to his cousin James Moore King. He wrote to inform of the death of his brother, and plans to settle matters of the estate.

	This is a letter dated July 26, 1833 from Thomas O. Moore to his cousin James Moore King. Moore tells King of his recent acquisition of new slaves, and his desire to acquire additional slave hands, as well as the ravages of the Cholera in the Southern states.

	This is a letter dated May 8, 1833 from Thomas O. Moore to his cousin J.M. King. He explains the dread and fear around Alexandria, Louisiana caused by an outbreak of the Cholera, as well as the condition and expectations he has for his cotton crop.

	This is a letter dated March 27, 1833 from Hardy Moore to his cousin James Moore King in Murfreesboro, Tennessee. Moore tells King that he has purchased a farm in the south.

	This is a letter dated March 5, 1833 from Thomas O. Moore to his cousin J.M. King. Moore offers condolences for the loss of his son, and the many dead caused by Cholera spread on the Mississippi river.

	This is a letter dated February 3, 1833 from T.O. Moore to his brother Walter Moore. In addition to a payment of money, he urges his brother to settle on the Bayou, and writes of the wedding of their cousin.

	This is a letter dated December 22, 1832 from Thomas O. Moore to his cousin J.M. King. Moore acknowledges the letter is long overdue, but writes that he and his family are well, except fear of being inflicted with cholera that has plagued many in New Orleans. He says the victims of the disease are greater than the number of available coffins, and that many bodies were thrown into the Mississippi river.

	This is a letter dated July 20, 1832 written by Jane Moore to her sister; with an additional page written by Jeanet Butler and is addressed to her children. The letters express the status and condition of family members as well as a longing for the family to reunite soon.

	This is a letter that dates March 5, 1831 from James Moore King to Hardy Moore. The letter concerns the exhibition, performance and praise of fine horses, as well as the acquisition of new animals.

	This is a letter from John Moore dated January 31, 1831 to his brother Walter Moore. It is a personal correspondence updating the status of the families health and travels.

	This is a letter dated January 17, 1831 from Shubal S. King to James M. King. The letter primarily concerns financial transactions, and cotton prices in different states.

	This is a letter written ca. 1831, presumably from James Moore King; the recipient is only identified by William. The letter consists of adulation, and highly descriptive language of audience reactions to colts and stallions at an exhibition in Murfreesboro.

	This is a letter written on July 21, 1830 from Thomas Moore to his brother Walter Moore. The letter addresses issues such as the conditions of crops, sickness and his plans for marriage.

	This is a letter dated may 13, 1829 from John Butler to his father Issac Butler. He expresses wishes of well-being for his father, and a desire to hear from him soon.

	This document is a letter dated December 14, 1820 to James Moore King from William G. Parrish. Parrish writes of crop yields, and a disappointment at King for not relocating nearby.

	This is a letter dated June 3, 1820 from Ezekiel Moore to his nephew James Moore King. He reports on the price and sale of cotton, the Insolvent Act, and the scarcity of money.

	This is a letter dated August 25, 1818 from Ann Eliza King to her cousin James Moore King. She wrote to tell him of a lady she has found for him to possibly marry. In the letter she offers a detailed description of the young lady, and laments about James` wasted bachelor life.

	This is a letter dated January 28, 1818 from Ann Eliza King to her Cousin James Moore King. The brief letter expresses her disappointment in not receiving a reply from her last letter, and her happiness to see him in the future.

	This is a letter dated September 30th 1817 from Ann Eliza King, writing from Plainfield, North Carolina to her cousin James Moore King in Rutherford County, Tennessee. She urges him to find a wife, and offers hope on finding an appropriate bride.

	This is a letter written on August 15, 1816 from Ezekiel Moore in Oak Grove to his nephew James Moore King in Rutherford County, Tennessee. Moore writes of illness in his neighborhood and inquires about a horse.

	This is a letter written by James Moore King from Camp Coffee, New Orleans on March 16, 1815 to his mother. He writes that he, as many in the camp, suffers from a cold. He anticipates arriving at home in April.

	This document is a letter from James Moore King to his brother Henry King in Davidson County, Tennessee, dated October 20, 1813. He is conveying that he cannot send money at the time, and offering his regards for a future visit.

	This letter, written by James Moore King to his son Charles, discusses the evacuation of Atlanta, a political convention, the nomination of McClenan, and King`s beliefs that Lincoln will be defeated in the presidential election. He also asks his son about Hardee`s fight.

	This letter, written by James Moore King, informs his wife, Martha Batey King, that he received the clothes she sent to him. He also discusses a possible Confederate move to a front near Guyes Gap, Lee`s victory at Rapahanock, and General Kirby. King also relates that the army is in good health and asks about the return of men taken at Murfreesboro. He closes the letter with farm care instructions.

	This letter, written by James Moore King to his wife, Martha Batey King, describes problems with their slaves on their Tennessee farm. He also gives his wife instructions about how to leave the farm and rants about Yankee deception.

	This letter, written by Colonel James Moore King to his wife, Martha Batey King, provides instructions for tending the family farm during his service to the Confederate Army.

	In this letter, James Moore King gave a detailed description of the fighting in and around New Orleans at the end of the War of 1812. Part of the Tennessee Volunteers serving under General Coffee and General Jackson, King described several battles beginning December 23, 1814 through January 8, 1815. In that final battle, King said that the British were "shamefully whipped," taking much heavier losses than the Americans. He claimed that it "killed the British joy...to think that a parcel of raw militia, undisciplined Tennesseans, should best the chosen troops of England, who had fought so many successful battles in France and America now to be defeated by an equal force of raw Tennesseans and Kentuckians, supposed to be 10,000 each." The location at the top of the letter says "Bachelors` Hall, The Ladies Choice."

	This document consists of 52 pages of the entire 142 page document that consitutes the Waterford vs. Baker case. The Waterford vs. Baker case was filed by Adam Waterford in Chancery Court in Rogersville, Tennessee in 1830. The case details Waterford`s efforts to prevent Baker both from securing as payment for debts title to lands held in trust by a third party, and from retaining possession of a slave previously owned by Waterford. The case began in 1830 and continued through 1841. Both Waterford and Baker died before the final disposition of the case. Adam Waterford was born a slave during the late 18th century but was emancipated prior to March 1817. On May 26, 1811 he and Betsey Day, described in contemporary records as "people of colour," were married in Tazewell County, Virginia. The Tazewell County Court granted Waterford permission to settle within that county, "his being an emancipated slave and a man of extraordinary merit." In April 1817 he was residing in Sullivan County where he purchased 206 acres of land from Adam Miller.

	Oath by John Chisolm for the Washington County, Tennessee court regarding a statement made by John Tipton, who declared that he would go against the Cherokee Indians, and a letter by Tipton.

	James Sevier writes to the Sheriff of Washington to take and keep Joseph Young so that he can be taken to the county court of pleas for the State of Franklin in February.

	Washington County, Tennessee District No. 9 record of votes for and against a convention and for delegates to the convention, dated February 9, 1861. Votes for a convention 121 and votes against 31.

	Deposition of Thomas Hutchings taken by Andrew Jackson in Davidson County for an 1802 court case in Washington County of Thomas Ingram Samuel Wilson [amp] his wife Mary against William Cocke. Includes letter from Washington County court requesting Jackson to gather the deposition.

	Record of number of children under 16 and over 6 in each family in Washington County, Tennessee on July 1st, 1840. Describes how $96.27 given to the county school commissioners by the trustees was spent.

	Deposition against Nancy Burris by James Tompkins in Washington County, Tennessee court. Tompkins states that Nancy Burris took an item from his home.

	Citizens of Washington County, District 18, vote for or against convention and on senatorial and county delegates to the convention at the Clear Branch School house. 84 votes were cast for a convention and 89 votes against a convention. Dated February 9, 1861.

	In this document, citizens of Washington County voted either for against "separation" or secession from the United States. They also voted for or against "representation." The votes were evenly split on both separation and representation. Eighty-six votes were for representation and separation while eighty-six votes were cast against representation and separation.

	A letter written by Benjamin Bowman to his brother in Washnington County, Tenn. The letter was written in Giles County, Tenn., during Bowman`s travels to Texas.

	Bill of sale of an 18 year-old Negro boy to Andrew Gamble.

	Document granting to McClung and Mcmullin 10 acres of land in Jackson County, Tennessee.

	Marriage contract between Sarah Sawyer and Robert Cooke, both widowers. Deals with matters of property inheritance and care and education of the total of 18 children.

	Correspondence letters are mainly between Dorothy Dix (Elizabeth Meriwether) and her family members and friends; much is divulged about her professional life in general. This letter was written to Elizabeth Meriwether from her father as he readies himself to join the Civil War forces and leaves his child ...in the tender care of your most devoted mother.

	A bill for the use of a hack for the funeral of Julia G. McDonald. Settled by H.M. Hale as executor of McDonald`s estate.

	A bill for $20.00 for 1 fine coffin and case. J. G. Swan made an oath before the Justice of the Peace, W. H. Lincoln, that the estate of Mrs. Ann Reeves owed him $20 for the coffin. A note at the bottom states that he received payment in full from the administrator of Mrs. Reeves` estate.

	The report states that the annual appropriation by the State was $100,000 and the bonus paid by Banks, Insurance Offices, etc. was $20,452. The total scholastic population in 1841 was 3542 (again); dollars apportioned $2292.56.

	Report that lists the local funding for Giles county schools from tippling tax, common school land tax, bonus from insurance companies, and Planters Bank as $14,590.46, as well as the annual appropriation by the state of $100,000. The report lists scholastic population by district and the distribution of money in this districts, with a total of $2244.58. Signed by R.P. Currin, Superintendent of Public Instruction.

	Record that lists the number of children aged six through twenty-one in each household in the 17th district of Giles county, 1843. List shows a total of 332 school age children.

	William D. Abernathy, Trustee for Giles County, along with Isaac Mason and Thomas A. Abernathy state that they are bonded to Robert P. Curran, Superintendent of Public Instruction, and his successors to that position for the sum of $4,489.16.

	Apprentice Indenture of William and Lafayette Bishop, orphans age 9 and 7 respectively, to Henry N. Prior. The two boys were to serve as Prior`s apprentices until age 21. Prior agreed to teach the boys farming and blacksmithing (should either prove apt) as well as how to read and write and cypher to the single rule of three. Upon completion of their apprenticeship, Prior agreed to give them a horse, saddle and bridle worth $85, and a suit of "fine...clothes."

	Apprentice Indenture of Harriett Parnell, an orphan 8 years of age, to Samuel Broadway. Parnell was to serve as Broadway`s apprentice until age 18. Broadway agreed to teach Parnell the occupation of spinster and seamstress and also to read and write legibly. At the end of Parnell`s service, Broadway agreed to give her an additional suit of clothes, a good bed and furniture.

	Apprentice Indenture of Moses H. Ferguson, an orphan of 13 years of age, to Bryant Dennis. Ferguson was to serve as Dennis`s apprentice until age 21. Dennis agreed to teach Ferguson the trade of blacksmithing and to provide him with 1 year of schooling, the tools and apparatus of the blacksmith trade worth $25, and a suit of "strong decent cloth."

	Apprentice Indenture of Daniel Lee Ferguson, orphan of 8 years of age, to Bryant Dennis. Ferguson was to serve as Dennis`s apprentice until age 21. Dennis agreed to teach Ferguson the trade of blacksmithing and to provide 2 years of schooling, the tools and apparatus of blacksmith trade worth $25, plus a suit of "strong decent cloth." Ferguson was the brother of Moses H. Ferguson.

	Apprentice Indenture of Harriett Parnell, an orphan age 7, to William Inman. Parnell was to serve as Inman`s apprentice until the age of 18. Inman agreed to teach her the occupation of spinster and seamstress as well as how to read and write legibly. At the end of Parnell`s service, she was to receive a bed, furniture, and set of clothes from Inman.

	Apprentice Indenture of the children of Emily F. Mills to Howell C. Hayes and William Buchanan. The children were "free negroes", Martha, born 1840, William, b. 1844, Frances, b. 1845, John, b. 1847, and Barbara, b. 1849. The boys were to learn farming and horsemanship; the girls were to learn spinning and housework.

	Apprentice Indenture of Lewis Bob, a coloured boy age three and some months, to Aaron V. Allen. Allen agrees to instruct the boy in the occupation of farming. At the expiration of the boy`s term of service, he was to be given a horse, saddle, and bridle valued at seventy-five dollars, and a good suit of clothes "over and above his clothes" worth fifteen dollars.

	Apprentice Indenture of Lewis Bob, a colored boy age seven, to John Davis. Davis agrees to instruct the boy in the occupation of farming. At the expiration of the boy`s term of service, Davis was to give him a horse, saddle, and bridle valued at seventy-five dollars, and a good suit of clothes "over and above his clothes" to be worth fifteen dollars.

	Date range (May 7, 1907 - Dec 16 1907). Excerpt of 5 pages of minutes from the Giles County Commisssion. Discusses: the fire that destroyed the Pulaski courthouse on April 20-21, 1907; insurance provisions; and ideas for updating the new courthouse such as making it fireproof and using steam to heat it. Dec 16 entry talks about financing.

	Deed of 17 acres of land in Giles County to Joshua Morris. Witnessed by Governor Aaron V. Brown, signed also by John Young and L.M. Bransford, Register of West Tennessee.

	This document is titled, "C.W. McMillin`s Commission as Justice of the Peace in Giles County, Tennessee". The printed document has, at the top, the Flag of the United States instead of the Tennessee State Flag. As this was made during the early period of reconstruction after the Civil War, it is likely meant to emphasize that Tennessee isonce again, a part of the United States. On the reversr side, C.W. McMillin has written his pledge that he is a loyal citizen and harbors no rebel sympathies and that he will faithfully execute his duties.

	This document is titled, "Justice of the Peace Commission for P.H. Benson".

	This document is titled, "State of Tennessee Grant to John Reynolds No. 4003 for 300 Acres". It is a land grant that describes the end points of the boundries of the property by specific trees. ( "a large Black Walnut", "a large Elm") Below Reynolds Grant is a will from James Read to his son Samuel Read, giving Samuel Read his father`s land and properties. On the reverse side is a copy of a letter from James Madison announcing the act of Congress that athorized the Commission and the land from whence Reynolds land grant came.

	This is the will of James Wright, a weaver of Davidson County, written on March 26, 1816 and recorded on December 22, 1816. The will states that Wright was "sick and weak in body, but of perfect memory." He asked to be buried as a Christian and bequeathed the use of his land, Negroes, and farming equipment to his beloved wife Patty for "so long as she does remain single." The slaves were later to be divided among his four daughters, and the land and farm equipment among his six sons. The will further detailed other bequests and named his wife Patty and son George as executors of the will. The will was probated May 10, 1852. H.R. Cheatham certified and signed the document.

	This document is titled, "John Enochs Deed to One Acre". It is a contract for the indenture of John Enochs for one acre of land. The land is in Lincoln County, TN. The deed is dated 1830-11-16. On the deed are two later statements from Henry Relso, Clerk of the Lincoln County Court, dated December 16th, 1864 and Febuary 4th, 1865.

	This document is titled, "State of Tennessee Town of Lynchburg vs. Julia White". It is a warrant for the arrest of Julia White for disorderly conduct and public profanity.

	This form is titled, "Enumeration of Scholastic Population Between the Ages of Six and Twenty-One". It lists the names of parents and names of children, along with respective ages, gender and race. This list is exclusively for Colored (Col`d) children.

	This d=form is titled, "Enumeration of Scholastic Population Between the Ages of Six and Twenty-One". It lists the Names of Parents and names of children, along with their respective ages and race noted. This list is for White students only.

	This document is titled, "Enumeration of Scholastic Population Between the Ages of Six and Twenty-One". It lists the names of parents with whom children reside. This list is exclusively White children.

	This form is titled, "Enumeration of Scolastic Population Between the Ages of Six and Twenty-One". It is a census of the children in a school district, grouping them by gender, race, and parent or guardian with whom children reside. This list is noted for Colored (Col`d) children.

	This letter is titled, "Dance, S.E.H. to Roughton, J.M.". In the letter S.E.H. Dance states that J.M. Roughton is unfit for military service due to rheumatism. Even among healthy men serving on both sides of the Civil War, it was a common occurence for more soldiers to die of sickness than from combat.

	Board of Health, Town of Lynchburg, Tennessee.

	Ordinances passed since revision, 3 tif images, needs transcription

	Revised ordinances from the Town of Lynchburg, Tennessee.

	From the Lynchburg, Tennessee Minute Book, these pages detail a meeting between the Lynchburg Aldermen and Mayor and the Board of Health that outlines a quarantine and vaccination plan for the town of Lynchburg in February, 1901.

	This court document is titled, "State of Tennessee vs. Carl Edde, Subpoena". It is a court order for eight people to appear in the Circuit Court of Moore County, presumably, to testify in the course of the trial.

	This court document is titled, "State of Tennessee vs. C.H. Edde". It states that C.H. Edde was charged with liquor manufacturing. The trial and acquittal are documented as are the bill of costs.

	2 tifs. A letter from Frederick Douglass written in Cedar Hill, Anacostia D. C. to J. P. Clarkson. The letter is about Douglass` concerns related to a proposed colored conference in Indianapolis, Indiana. Douglass was willing to address the convention, but wanted the committee to circulate the address for signatures by Professor Scarborough of Wilberforce University, whom he would also like to counsel with and pay for his time.

	Two affidavits regarding the poll tax in Sullivan County, TN. Both A. Miller and T. Stone swear that they paid their poll tax to John Slack, County Trustee, and that Slack must have lost the receipt. These statements were sworn before Judge T.J. Grass, whose signature appears on the document.

	This map shows the survey made by Henry Anderson, C.S., in August of 1852 for J.R. Anderson of Blountville, Tennessee. The map includes information about the town of Bristol, TN and states that 1/4 and 1/2 acre lots are now for sale there.

	A letter from Private Horace C. Dodson, stationed in France during World War II, to Mrs. W.R. Dodson in Riceville, TN. In the letter, Horace states that he is in good health, on land which the Germans had recently occupied. He also says that he likes the Australian soldiers he is stationed near and that he has a good commanding officer.

	A United States ration book from World War II that was issued to 25 year old Mamie Sue Marshall of Englewood, Tennessee by issuing officer Mrs. J. Buckner. During World War II, many food items and other goods were rationed in the U.S. Citizens were issued ration books to ensure equal and regulated distribution of rationed items. In the book there are stamps labeled: coffee, sugar, and spare.

	Case brought by the State of Tennessee against Orris Anderson in Hamblen County. Attorney General P. Fulkerson brought a charge against Anderson that he had disfigured and dismembered a hog which belonged to Samuel Heath.

	Case brought by the State of Tennessee against George Bacon in Hamblen County. The jurors on the case, including Thomas McAlister and J.M. Shannon, found Bacon guilty of unlawfully carrying deadly weapons on his person. A bill of cost signed by Clerk T.C. Cain lists the expenses of the trial, which amount to $18.40, and orders that the Sheriff take such money from Bacon and deliver it to the Courthouse in Morristown.

	Records of a case brought by the State of Tennessee against Joseph B. Allsup in Grainger County. Allsup was accused of murdering F. Marion Ballinger with a rock. E. Ballinger, the prosecutor, claimed that Allsup murdered Marion Ballinger "feloniously and with malice." However, John Bird testified before Clerk D.H. Meek that Marion Ballinger had provoked and hit Allsup before the attack.

	A letter written and signed by W. A. Allen in the Jefferson County IRS Assistant Assessor`s Office, 1st District, TN. The letter is addressed to an esquire and requests that he make a list of all the people in the district who have gold watches. Allen states that the government requires the IRS to compile such a list.

	S.R.J. Livingston in Ruskin, Tenn. writes to his "brothers and sisters" at the Ruskin Cooperative Association. Livingston complains there is a conspiracy against him and states that he is leaving but is not an enemy of the RCA.

	Bill of complaint by R. J. Kelly against R. E. Smith and J. A. Clement over college finances. Smith was President of Ruskin Cave College in Dickson, Tenn.; Kelly was Vice-President and teacher. Kelly was owed $2025 for 3 years unpaid teacher salary. Kelly also complains that Smith owes him for other expenses, the total amount owed being $9,840.11.

	These are seven pages of accounts and purchases from a general store in Washington, Tennessee in 1869. Items bought include: tobacco, umbrellas, cloth, salt, flour, and sugar, among many other items. It is not clear whether this ledger is from Washington, Tennessee, a city that does not exist anymore or Washington County. The ledger is located in Dayton, Tennessee which is a few hundred miles from Washington County, Tennessee.

	A letter from George H. Hull and Company in Cincinnati, Ohio to the Dayton Coal and Iron Company. In the letter, Hull informs Dayton that their two railroad cards have delivered a shipment of mill iron to his company`s yard. Hull writes that the iron is very light-colored and poor quality.

	Charges, subpoenas, and case notes involving Tennessee v. Collins, dealing with illegal voting.

	Charges against Eaden and Robinett of "unlawfully, willfully, and wickedly... disturb(ing) and disquiet(ing) an assemblage of persons met for religious worship." Claims are that Eaden brought his mule into the church.

	This is a court case for treason/assault at the Hawkins County Circuit Court.

	Case file of Lyons v. Wells, against the formation of Powell County/Hawkins County Chancery Court.

	This is a letter from the Union Claim Agency in Washington, D.C. to J.R. Armstrong saying that Rebecca Hemseuright needs to send her affidavit.

	Petition by Reynolds to keep rights to property desired by Holston River Railway. Verdict gives rights to the Railway Company.

	Gibbons makes claim to property and posessions taken by the Rebel Army in 1864, including 124 bushels of corn. Witnesses verify his account of the property and posessions and his loyalty to the Union.

	This is a letter from the Union Claim Agency in Washington, D.C. asking for care of George Dodson to J.T. Armstrong.

	Union Claim to the U.S. Army for 4 horses. Signed affidavit and witness.

	Coroner of Hawkins County offers $100 "for the arrest and conviction of the person who shot and killed Thos. J. Berry"

	This is a court case at the Circuit Court in Hawkins County for broken covenant; taking money from the McMinn Academy.

	Legal case report detailing the trial of Tennessee v. Ezekial Collins. Collins was tried and convicted of illegal voting, as a "colored man," violating Constitutional law.

	Court report of Berry v. Sullivan.

	Legal case detailing Tennessee v. Bronson, who is accussed of horse theft.

	The state assembly has authorized the formation of a new county, Powell, from portions of Washington, Sullivan, Hawkins counties. Orville Bradley and Samuel McPheters (for themselves and on the behalf of the "divers citizens" of Hawkins County) argue in this complaint that the bill is unconstitutional. Filed in Chancery Court in Rogersville.

	Benjamin, a man of color, by next friend William Miller vs. Simmons, James G. Hawkins County Chancery Court. Miller argues for the freedom of Benjamin, a slave who was owned by Simmons, now deceased. Miller claims that Simmons raised Ben as child rather than a slave. Simmons evidently gave Ben his freedom in his will upon Simmons death.

	Case file State of Tennessee v. Amanda Gibbons, who is charged with public profanity.

	These 2 pages are from the Charles Cansler Collection at the Beck Cultural Exchange Center. The author is not identified. Background information: Charles W. Cansler (1871-1953), Professor Cansler was born near Maryville, Tennessee in 1871. He was educated at Freedmen`s Normal Institue and attended Maryille college. He became the first Black railroad postal clerk in East Tennessee. At age 19 he passsed the bar examination. After practicing law for two years, he became principal of Austin High School. Under his leadership, the school grew from 80 to 437 students. Professor Cansler organized the East Tennessee Association of Teachers in Colored Schools and wass its first President. He also led the movement for parks and playgrounds in Knoxville. He became the first African-American to be nominated to the Tennessee State Legislature. Professor Cansler is the author of Three Generations, the story of a free Negro family in Tennessee from 1831-1939.

	This is a claim by a Hardeman County citizen for damages of his property by the "rebel army".

	These are approved claims by a Hardeman County citizen for damages to his property by the `rebel army`.

	These are approved claims by a Hardeman County citizen for damaged property by the "rebel army".

	These are approved Rebel Claims by Hardeman County citizens for property damaged by the "Army of the Rebels".

	Sympathy card and envelope from Varina Davis to Harriet Overton expressing sympathy over the death of Harriet`s husband, John Overton Jr. Jefferson Davis served as President of the Confederate States of America; John Overton Jr. contributed funds to the Confederacy and was an honoary pall bearer at Davis` funeral in 1889.

	Johnston invites Overton to serve as pall bearer for the funeral of Jefferson Davis.

	Telegram denying a pass for John Overton Jr. to visit Nashville, since he had "identified himself with the rebellion and cannot come here as an agent of rebels." Demands to know the purpose of his visit.

	Grundy discusses the political situation in East Tennessee and meetions the cholera epidemic. Describes John Overton as "dangerously ill." Overton died two months following.

	Permit allowed Mary Maxwell, who lived at Travellers Rest during the Civil War, to keep shot-gun and pistols for protection of herself and property; approved by a brigadier general. Andrew Johnson was military govenor of the state during Federal occupation.

	Bill of sale to Thomas Lipscomb for a slave boy named Sam, age 6-7, purchased for $175. The deed is registered with Bedford County clerk. Tull warrants that the boy is "sound in body," possesses a good mind, and is a slave for life.

	Receipt of John Overton for 25 pounds Virginia currency for part of payment for a tract of land owned by Mary Luper. Author is attorney John Tager.

	Records from the case of the State of Tennessee vs. Harper Vaughan, who was found guilty of serving intoxicating liquors on election day, near the election grounds. Foreman of the Grand Jury J.W. Lewis and the other jurors swore in and signed their names to the list. W.T. Vaughan and Marion Smith were summoned as witnesses for the State.

	Records from the case of the State of Tennessee vs. Harper Vaughan, who was found guilty of keeping open a saloon on Election day. John Lewis was sworn in as Foreman of the Grand Jury on this case. The signatures of other jurors, including J.H. Sykes and J.A. Glasgow, also appear.

	A subpoena from the case of the State of Tennessee vs. Harper Vaughan, who was charged with tippling on Election day. Clerk F.B. Smith issued and signed the subpoena, which orders the Sheriff of Stewart County to have W.T. Vaughan and Marion Smith appear before the Circuit Court to testify on behalf of the State. Deputy Sheriff J.A. Townsen received and executed the subpoena.

	A subpoena from the case of the State of Tennessee vs. Harper Vaughan. Issued and signed by Clerk F.B. Smith, the subpoena orders G.G. Rolls, Sheriff of Stewart County, to take Vaughan into custody and bring him before the Circuit Court to answer a charge of tippling on Election day. Deputy Sheriff J.A. Townsen received and executed the subpoena on behalf of Sheriff Rolls.

	A subpoena from the case of the State of Tennessee vs. Harper Vaughan, who was accused of tippling on Election day. The subpoena orders the Sheriff of Stewart County to summon W.T. Vaughan and Marion Smith to appear before the court and testify on behalf of the State. Clerk F.B. Smith issued and signed the subpoena. Deputy Sheriff J.A. Townsen received and executed it.

	Bond statement from the case of Tennessee vs Harper Vaughan, who was charged with "tipling" on Election day. Vaughan and R.H. Sexton signed a bond agreeing to pay Tennessee $250 if Vaughan did not appear before the Circuit Court of Stewart County. Clerk F.B. Smith signed and filed the bond.

	George Gansner`s petition for naturalization. Gansner was born in Switzerland and migrated to the United States. He eventually settled in Stewart County, TN, and petitioned for citizenship there. Clerk Thomas M. Atkins signed the petition as witness. N.C. Taylor and E.D. Sargent testified on Gansner`s behalf.

	Grand Jury statement from the case of the State of Tennessee vs Peter Blanton and Mary Jane Williams. Blanton and Williams were found guilty of lewdness, cohabitating together while unmarried. The jurors, including Grand Jury Foreman E. Bogard, signed the document. Clerk W.J. Hagler also signed the document as a witness.

	An order to S.W. Cooley, Sheriff of Stewart County, to take Peter Blanton and Mary Jane Williams into custody and make them appear before the Circuit Court in Dover. Blanton and Williams were charged with adultery and cohabitation.

	Bond statement in which Peter Blanton and R. Ledbetter bound themselves to the State of Tennessee in the sum of $250. This sum was to be voided if Blanton personally appeared before the Judge of the Circuit Court in Dover and answered an indictment for adultery/cohabitating. S.W. Cooley, Sheriff, signed the document as witness.

	A bond statement signed by Mary Jane Williams and R. Ledbetter, witnessed by S.W. Cooley, Sheriff. Williams and Ledbetter bound themselves to the state of Tennessee in the penal sum of $250. This sum was to be voided if Williams appeared before the Circuit Court in Dover to answer an indictment in an adultery case for cohabitation.

	A court summons issued by Clerk W.J. Hagler to S.W. Cooley, Sheriff of Stewart County, TN. Cooley is ordered to have witnesses Nelson Williams, William Clark, and Henry Payne, "colored," personally appear before the Circuit Court in order to give evidence in the case of the State vs Peter Blanton and Mary Jane Williams. The charge of adultery was brought against Blanton and Williams for cohabitating. Hagler filled out the summons and signed it as witness.

	Court document about a group of Night Riders in Stewart County, TN, from the case of the State of Tennessee vs. John Waggoner. The State charged Waggoner, Edgar Settles, Tom Ross, Charles Ross, Lan Parker, John McCarty, and Allen Townsend of riding while masked through Stewart County and breaking into the home of A.W. Sexton with the intent to commit a felony. Attorney General John B. Bowman wrote and signed the document. Jury Foreman C.B. Hamilton signed it as well.

	Estate sale of the slaves of John T. Weaks. J. C. Ingram was executor. 1841 will.

	Hakes charged with selling liquor to slaves. Order to sheriff to bring him in. Sheriff declares that the defendent could not be found in the county.

	This document dates from Feb 8, 1819 on outside, but the inner document is Sept 1819. It commands the Sheriff to make Alexander Walker pay Boatswain Valentine the $42.12 1/2 cents judgment against him for trespass as well as $18 for expenses.

	Summons for March 4, 1811. Grand jury paper has dates for September term, 1811. Decision and fine noted Oct 8, 1811. Whitley charged with assault on James Rawls. Names on summons.

	Stewart County, Tennessee, election results for a state convention, and for the selection of delegates to the convention.

	The vote was 46-1 for a convention; 4 candidates are on the ballot: Cave Johnson - 19, G. A. Henry - 26, N. Brandon - 21, Clay Roberts - 26. Page 2 has a list of the men who voted.

	Secession voting results from District 9 of Stewart County, Tennessee. The final tally was 17 for separation and representation and 11 for no separation and no representation.

	Voting results of the election to secede from the Union of District Five of Stewart County, Tennessee. The vote was 150 - 0 in favor of "seperation" and representation at the constitutional convention for the Confederacy. Three pages list the names of the men who cast their votes.

	Electoral returns for the 1860 Presidential Election. Breckinridge and Lane - 82, Bell and Everette - 53, and Douglas and Johnson - 4.

	Brownlow asks for Wadsworth to be appointed as Fortner postmaster. DeVine replies, giving permission to appoint him as so, should the current postmaster leave as planned.

	Davis discusses political matters in Caliborne County. Mentions potential appointments of Raines`s as "Department Collector" and of "Mc," who Davis describes as having made a "political ass" of himself. Discusses Sherriff Tilman`s drinking problem and a recent incident when Tilman beat a negro prisoner.

	Davis relates that charges against the Claiborne Co. Post Master seeking removal from office have been sent. He outlines the three principal charges, including partisanship and posession of liquor in the post office, and mentions corroborating witnesses.

	Davis discusses upcoming Caliborne County elections, including Sheriff, Circuit and County Court Clerk Trustees, and Register, hoping for a all Republican office holders.

	Act to incorporate the town of Kingsport in Sullivan County, Tennessee on August 21, 1822 by James Fentress, Speaker of the House of Representatives and F. Brewer, Speaker of the Senate.

	Undated song lyrics about the Civil War composed, written and sung by Caswell Culberson.

	Marriage license for the Hawkins county couple Stokely Pearson and Elizabeth Jones. Hakwins County Court Clerk James H. Vance on April 3, 1858 gives license for a minister to marry them and F. Brewer marries them on April 18, 1858.

	Resolutions and bylaws of the Beech Grove Prohibition Club outlining the organization`s goals and meeting procedures.

	Discharge certificate for James Davis who served 3 years in the Tennessee Cavalry Volunteers from July 1st, 1862-June 5, 1865. Papers signed by Captain William W. Mosier.

	Deed transferring ownership of land in Hawkins County, Tennessee to Laurence Pearson by Gabriel McCraw. Also includes not from a witness for McCraw and the Register`s Office in Hawkins county.

	Meeting minutes for the Reedy Creek Division Sons of Temperance organization dated April 15th, 1876. Discusses vote on an issue of adoption, work of the organization, and formation of a business committee.

	This is a check to the order of C. F. Jarrett [amp] Co. for $20.10. The account was at First National Bank of Clarksville, Tennessee. The check number is 1112.

	Receipt for A. J. Hamlett for one hogshead of tobacco weighing 1855 pounds from the Grange Warehouse Association.

	This accounting record of a tobacco farmer includes payments for items such as shoes, wheels and medicine. It also includes payments for slave labor, clock repair and minding the wagon.

	Text reads: "This is to certify that Benjamin Chears, 2nd Lieut. in Capt. Samuel Crawford`s company of T.V.M.G.m. has served a tour of five months as a Volunteer, on an expedition against the Seminole Indians; he carries with him the thanks [amp] gratitude of his commandering officer and merits the applause of his country, and is hereby honorably discharged. Columbia, June 30th, 1818. Thomas Williamson, Col., 20 R T V M G meirs"

	Commission for Nathaniel F. Chaire of Maury County, Tennessee as a major in the Third Regiment of the Provisional Force of Tennessee Volunteers by Isham G. Harris, Governor of Tennessee, dated May 16th, 1861.

	In a December 13, 1835 letter to his wife, Hugh Lawson White writes of his frustrations with Washington politics saying "this is the only place I ever saw where a man can be always busy and yet do nothing." He tells of his encounters with a group of Anti-Masons as well as his reflections on other political matters

	A pencil sketch of Nelson Rogers` house in Farmington, Tennessee dated May 12, 1862. In the upper right corner is written "In the days when we went Gipsiying." The verso side contains a part of a 19th century song.

	Four poems written by an unidentified soldier in 1862.

	Document renting a slave belonging to Calloway Hodge of Jefferson County, Tennessee, to William Wilson of Jackson County, North Carolina for the course of a year. The document is signed by Wilson and witnessed, 1864 February 5.

	In a December 3, 1863 letter from "James" to "My Dear Sister Kate," a Confederate soldier describes his situation after participating in the Battle of Missionary Ridge in Chattanooga during the Civil War. Written from a camp near Dalton, Georgia.

	Unknown senator discusses his stance against the Kansas-Nebraska Act. Marked private.

	Minutes from the trial of Mary Hooker, who is charged with taking a fine silk dress out of James H. Jones` store. Defendant found guilty.

	The Luther Greene Letter, 1900, is from the Sheriff of James County, Tennessee. He writes to Mayfield [amp] Son [amp] Aikenatty in Cleveland, Tennessee about Aly Brock`s estate.

	Stilwell writes that he can no longer support Governor Senter for re-election because of Senter`s stand on registration of all rebels. He accuses Senter of fixing the elections and asks for Eaton`s advice. Letter is marked as "private" at the top.

	Stilwell is dissatisfied with the current Tennessee gubernatorial race. He asks what President Grant`s opinion is. Letter is marked "private" on the first page at the top.

	Peabody discusses re-enfranchisement and the "practical reality" of universal suffrage.

	Charles writes to his brother about the arrest of a member of the Klan and the violence that followed. He describes a very tense and dramatic scene at The Memphis Post that resulted from the report of this arrest. He states his desire to get away from the violence and relocate to the North. The letter is written on letterhead from

	Lewis laments the physical danger that face Unionists. He suggests fighting back against the "Ku Klux." Lewis also discusses political difficulties and who will win the African-American vote.

	The writer tells of the dangers of extreme violence towards Unionists and African-American at this time in central Tennessee. He says that the laws must be enforced for the situation to change. The signs his name only as "friend" because he fears repercussions if it fell into the wrong hands.

	Publication of the City Public Schools, Nashville, Tennessee, 1952. According to the foreward written by Superintendent W. A. Bass, "The public school is the cradle of American democracy. . . . This manual has been prepared by classroom teachers in the Nashville Public Schools as a guide to democratic living in the elementary grades." It contains lists of statements about how children should interact with their family, school, community, nation and world. There are classroom activities and suggestions for experiences with in different subject areas. Within the manual are numerous photographs of segregated classrooms.

	According to the foreward written by Superintendent W. A. Bass, "The public school is the cradle of American democracy. . . . This manual has been prepared by classroom teachers in the Nashville Public Schools as a guide to democratic living in the elementary grades." It contains lists of statements about how children should interact with their family, school, community, nation and world. There are classroom activities and suggestions for experiences with in different subject areas. Within the manual are numerous photographs of segregated classrooms.

	This toll bridge ticket from Tennessee cost 5 cents, and was to be used by the Civilian Conservation Corps (C.C.C.) and the U.S. Army only. There was a penalty for private use.

	United States Army Motor Vehicle Permit of Charles E. Rutherford certifies him to drive any motor vehicle in the army. It is stamped with signature of unknown Captain, Quartermaster. Rutherford was in Company 417 in Tellico Plains, Tennessee.

	This item is Charles Edward Rutherford`s promotion certificate to Army Truck Driver for Company 417, Civilian Conservation Corps, in Ivy, Tennessee.

	This certificate acknowledges Charles Edward Rutherford`s promotion certificate to Assistant Leader for Civilian Conservation Corps, Company 417 in Tellico Plains, Tennessee.

	This is the two page record of Jessie L. Barnes` honorable discharge from the Civilian Conservation Corps, Company 420, Tenn. SP-12 in Bristol, Tennessee. The first page states that he was a 20-year-old farmer, with blue eyes, brown hair. His height was five feet eight inches tall and his color was white. The second page is his work record, listing the type of work he did, a list of his innoculations, and his commander`s assessment of his performance. The final item is the envelope from the War Department.

	This sheet music contains a song celebrating the Civilian Conservation Corps, written by North Callahan, the educational advisor for Co. 4494 in Vonore, Tennessee.

	This souvenir program is for the Thanksgiving dinner in 1933 of Company 1473, Camp Evan Shelby, of the Civilian Conservation Corps in Bristol, Tennessee. The menu shows a traditional turkey dinner with sweet potatoes and pumpkin pie among the selections of vegetables and desserts. The menu also lists cigars, cigarettes and mints. The program contains a roster of the officers, leaders and members of Company 1473.

	This souvenir program is for the Christmas dinner in 1936 of the 496th C.C.C. Company in Lexington, Tennessee. The menu shows a traditional Christmas dinner, including turkey, ham, mince meat pie and fruit cake. The menu also lists cigars, cigarettes, beer and mints. The program contains a two page roster of the officers, leaders and members of the 496th C.C.C Company.

	This souvenir program is for the Thanksgiving dinner in 1935 of the 496th C.C.C. Company in Lexington, Tennessee. The menu shows a traditional turkey dinner. Several state or regional dishes are included: Louisiana oyster dressing, Georgia candied yams, Delaware cranberry sauce, Colonial mince meat pie, Florida fruit salad, Midwest caramel nut ice cream. The menu also lists Hava Tampa cigars, cigarettes and mints. The recipient of the menu wrote in "matches" as well. The program contains a two page roster of the officers, leaders and members of the 496th C.C.C Company.

	In this proclamation, Governor Brownlow calls upon county clerks and sheriffs to make a detailed report about the election of August 3, 1865. He calls on them to answer a series of questions on how the law to limit the elective franchise, excluding Confederate who had not taken the oath of allegiance to the United States. Brownlow states that counties which do not comply will be subject to an investigation, in order to ensure that the election is valid and legal.

	J. P. Benjamin, Acting Secretary of War of the Confederate States of America, issued this order which details the clothing to be issued to Confederate volunteers, over the course of a three-year period. It includes Paragraph 77 of the regulations of the Quartermaster, which contains a table detailing precisely what and how many items of clothing each soldier was to receive.

	This handbill contains a proclamation by Governor Isham G. Harris to raise six thousand troops for a six-month term to provide for local defense. These troops must be composed of men between the ages of forty and fifty-five, and will not be ordered outside the boundaries of the state. If the force is not raised by August 1st, a draft will be use to provide enough men. After outlining the organizational details, Harris writes to inspire the men of Tennessee to stand and fight to protect their families, property, liberty and national independence from predatory bands of marauders. He appeals to their patriotism and reputation as citizens of the "Volunteer State" to rise up and resist the invaders.

	Isham Harris published this handbill in 1863 in Chattanooga as Governor of the Confederate state of Tennessee. It calls on people to vote in an election to elect a governor, members of the General Assembly and Confederate Congressional representatives on the first Thursday in August. He writes of the duty of citizens to cast their vote despite "the attempt of arbitrary and lawless power" to prevent it. The letter explains the law pertaining to elections, and outlines the means by which the vote will take place and instructs County Courts or sheriffs to send the sealed votes by a military force to either the Speaker of the Senate or the Secretary of State in Athens, Tennessee. A copy of an act passed on March 13, 1862 detailing number of representatives each county will have in the Tennessee Confederate state legislature. Edwin A. Keeble, Speaker of the House of Representatives, and Edward S. Cheatham, Speaker of the Senate.

	This is a broadside reprint of an anti-suffrage editorial printed in the Macon (Ga.) Telegraph by Rich Printing Company in Nashville, Tennessee. It criticizes Elizabeth Cady Staton`s publication The Woman`s Bible.

	This document acknowledges the bounty land warrant claim of James McCutchen. Bounty land warrant application files relate to claims based on wartime service between 1775 and March 3, 1855, for service in the Revolutionary War, War of 1812, early Indian Wars, or the Mexican War.

	Stock certificate belonging to McCutchen family for 12 and 14/100 shares in the Nashville [amp]amp; Hillsborough Turnpike Company, at a cost of one hundreds dollars each.

	I do hereby certify that on the 12th day of February, 1864 at Nashville Davidson County Tenn, the oath prescribed by the President of the United States, in his Proclamation of December 8, 1863, was duly taken, subscribed, and made matter of record by... of Williamson County.

	This typed petition, stamped by the Tennessee Anti-Suffrage Association, enumerates the reasons for their opposition to women`s suffrage. Stating their resentment at having "Votes for Women" thrust upon them, they declare that the vote will draw women into the evil of politics and degrade their sex. They believe that women cannot effect any reform without the approval of men, and trust their fathers, brothers and sons to act in their best interest. They also claim that women are better protected in states without woman suffrage, and that giving women the franchise would increase taxation.

	This newspaper clipping, likely the Nashville Banner, is of a warning from the anti-suffragists to those who have accused them of being paid by "liquor interests." It emphatically refutes any connection to or payment from liquor interests, and claims that Susan B. Anthony herself had appealed to the United States Brewers` Association. The message threatens legal action against libel or slander, and lists the names of Judge John R. Tyson and Hon. Everett P. Wheeler as the general counsel to the Southern Women`s League for the Rejection of the Susan B. Anthony Amendment and the National Association Opposed to Woman Suffrage, respectively.

	This two-sided broadside contains the reprint, originally published in both the Nashville Banner and the Chattanooga Times, of an editorial and an article attacking Carrie Chapman Catt. One side contains an letter to Mrs. Catt from Mrs. James S. Pinkard, President of the Southern Women`s League for the Rejection of the Susan B. Anthony Amendment. Pinkard asks Catt to explain what she meant by statements such as "American women and men, white and black, should share equally in the privileges of democracy." She states that Tennessee legislators would violate their oaths if they vote to ratify the suffrage amendment, and demands the truth in this matter of "life and death" for the South. The other side reprints an article from The Woman Patriot, an anti-suffrage publication, which asserts that Catt defamed the United States by decrying the treatment of women with claims such as the fact that women cannot vote while aliens, illiterates, drunkards, paupers, criminals and the feeble-minded can vote.

	This two-sided broadside, compiled by the Southern Women`s League for the Rejection of the Susan B. Anthony Amendment, presents race-based arguments against the ratification of the 19th Amendment. One side reprints resolutions of the National Association of Colored Women`s Clubs from their convention in Tuskegee, Alabama in June, 1920. The other side warns of the possible passage of three Force Bills designed to force states to enforce the 14th Amendment along with the 19th Amendment, should the latter pass. It states that these bills would reverse the trend of the previous thirty years, in which 14th and 15th Amendments had been allowed to "rest lightly" upon the South. It claims that Southern manhood will defend Anglo-Saxon civilization and reject the Force bills to avoid reopening the wounds of Reconstruction.

	This broadside proclaims that the 19th Amendment will never be ratified if Tennesseans guard their rights. It emphatically states that the Tennessee constitution probihits the ratification of any federal amendment until a new legislature is elected. It further claims that only the United States Supreme Court can declare that the Tennessee constitution is in conflict with the U.S. Constitution. Those who try to circumvent this provision are accused of being lawbreakers who should be impeached, and who are no better than the "BOOTLEGGER and the BOLSHEVIST." The message urges citizens to fight the suffragists attempts to override the Tennessee constitution by organizing mass meetings and circulating petitions.

	This humorous anti-suffrage broadside makes claims such as "a vote for federal suffrage is a vote for female nagging forever." Woman suffrage masculinize women and feminize men, leading to a collapse of male ascendency, causing the degeneration of the nation. There is an effective political cartoon showing a hen with a "Votes for Women" sash leaving her eggs behind, telling the rooster to "set on them yourself, old man, my country calls me."

	This broadside, published by anti-suffrage forces in Nashville during the struggle for the ratification of the 19th Amendment, details racial reasons for their opposition to women`s suffrage. It claims that women`s suffrage must be defeated for the sake of Southern civilization, womanhood, and both the white and black races. It lauds the racial harmony of the South, and warns that giving women the right to vote will only spark political competition between the sexes and between the races. There is a detailed accounting of the population of southern states, broken down by race and sex, showing a white majority in all states except South Carolina and Mississippi. An enumerated list of facts purports that the 19th Amendment will create a Negro majority in South Carolina and Mississippi, where no such "real majority" exists now. The amendment will also create a Negro majority in over 200 counties in the South.

	This broadside, published by some unattributed opponent of women`s suffrage, warns Southern men of the threat to states` rights if women attain the right to vote. It states that woman suffrage will reopen the question of Negro suffrage and bring another wave of female carpetbaggers. It contains excerpts from "The Negro and the New Social Order," which had been printed in The Messenger, published by A. Phillip Randolph as the "only radical Negro magazine in America."

	Written by a Nashville physician and suffrage opponent after the National American Woman Suffrage Association met in Nashville in 1914, this anti-suffrage pamphlet contains Lyon`s opinions of the suffragettes and his rationalization for limited suffrage and political involvement for women. Among his arguments against woman suffrage are assertions that many women will only vote as men tell them and that universal suffrage will "enfranchies four or five million negresses."

	This booklet enumerates the items for which the Tennessee League of Women Voters asked the legislature to support in the interest of women and children. Among the issues are the civil status of women, including property rights of married women; education - including minimum 9 months school terms, minimun salaries and competency requirements for teachers, mandatory physical education, free kindergarten, and the establishment of a vocational school for black girls; women in industry - establishment of a minimum wage and a Department of Labor, the abolishment of the convict lease system, improvement in working hours and conditions for working women, and equal pay for equal work; and additional items related to child welfare, social hygiene, temperance and conservation. It includes a list of the state, district and departmental chairpersons. The organization was called the Tennessee League of Women Voters at the time of publication.

	This article from The Woman Citizen describes the celebrations in Washington, D.C. and New York City that followed the ratification of the 19th Amendment. It contains quotations from various suffragists who worked for ratification in Tennessee. It appears to be the conclusion of a series by Marjorie Shuler, but there is no byline to confirm her authorship.

	This article describes the final phase of the struggle for women`s suffrage, outlining the unsuccessful injunction against ratification in Tennessee, as well as the celebration in Washington following the official federal ratification. It names many of the women, such as Carrie Chapman Catt and Anne Dallas Dudley, who worked in Tennessee for the ratification of the 19th Amendment. The article contains two maps of the United States. The first is "The Suffrage Map in Early August, 1920," showing states which allowed women full suffrage, limited suffrage such as for primaries, or presidential or municipal elections, or no suffrage at all. The second shows "What Tennessee Did to the Suffrage Map," which was to grant full suffrage throughout the country.

	This editorial, from The Woman Citizen, describes the potential for abuse in the use of judicial injunctions. The author, listed only as A.S.B., claims that one "insignificant judge seeks to over-rule the Governor, a majority of the State Legislature and even the Secretary of State of the United States" and states that suffragists are "filled with indignation and disgust."

	This press release contains a 2 page statement by Carrie Chapman Catt about the machinations of the anti-suffragists to derail the ratification of the 19th Amendment by the Tennessee legislature. She refutes their constitutional arguments, calling their efforts "merely filibustering tactics" that were "subversive of majority rule."

	This four-page article details the struggle for the ratification of the 19th Amendment in Tennessee from the suffragist point of view. Actively involved in the process in Tennessee, Upton gives a dramatic account of the what happened in Tennessee. It is taken from the Headquarters News Bulletin published by the Ohio Woman Suffrage Association.

	A two page editorial in The Woman Citizen describing the constitutional situation in Tennessee which made calling a special session of the legislature to act on the ratification of the 19th Amendment difficult. After detailing the struggle, the article states that "Tennessee seems to be quite all right, thank you." It is followed by the announcement by Governor Roberts that the special session will convene on August 9th.

	Andrew Johnson "sworn in" as Senator at called session March 4, 1875; Johnson`s last speech denouncing Grant and Brownlow; Brownlow`s reply to Johnson; Brownlow and Grant; and Bob Taylor`s lecture in Washington.

	Reminiscences of Johnson`s enmity toward Williams` father in 1843.

	Was Reeve`s wife "the little Donelson orphan" ever legally adopted by Horace Maynard?

	This is a letter from John B. Brownlow in Washinton, D.C. to O.P. Temple in Knoxville, TN.

	Brownlow offers to lend or copy Whig files that may contain material of interest for Temple`s projected book. He also describes how he remembers Temple`s campaign with Thomas, Temple`s speeches and their great effect. Brownlow writes of Baxter`s candidacy for the "rebel congress, the gift of a horse to Wigfall and the numbers of East Tennesseans who were enlisted in the Union Army.

	Arnell urges Temple to write a proposed sketch of the presidential campaign of 1860 in East Tennessee. Arnell is of the opinion that Lincoln`s election resulted in a "magnificent uprising of East Tennessee."

	Arnell and his projected history of Tennessee 1860-70; material for book given by Brownlow; full credit to be given Temple and Nelson for Union leadership; report on interview with Bell wanted from Temple for the book.

	After complimenting Temple on his articles about John Sevier, Joynes suggests that Temple write a history of East Tennessee. In a following postcard Joynes replies that he hopes Temple can carry out his intended plans for writing and comments that it is a "defect in our Southern people that they will not write their own history."

	Brownlow needs information on the land leased by himself, Temple, Butler, and Houk in 1865 for petroleum interests. Butler has told Brownlow that a deed has been issued that relinquishes the land to William Allen of Campbell County where the land is located.

	Winstead requests Temple`s help in his candidacy for the position of State Attorney General.

	John Morton writes Temple regarding his subscription to the "Tennessee Farmer", formerly "Spirit of the Farm."

	Miss L.D. Hyde requests Temple to use his influence for the release of John Mangum from state prison.

	O.P. Temple, as recently elected President of the local library, asks McClung to contribute financial support for the institution, stating that the "library itself is sadly out of harmony with its beautiful surroundings" and that without an increase in income they will not be able "to make the library what it ought to be." He notes that McClung, due to his great personal wealth, is in a position "to complete the noble and grand memorial you have so generously and honorably begun."

	Houk requests Temple to make a personal contribution to cover the costs of fireworks and torches for a rally. Houk estimates the costs to be approximately $3500.

	Howe asks for Temple`s help and advice in making Tennessee vote Republican. Howe specifically wants "active work and liberal support of and contributions to local committees and campaign organizations...to bring out the individual voter."

	S. Bradshaw, Chairman of the Executive Committee of the local Republican Club, requests Temple to come speak at a "flagpole Rasen" to be held in Wartburg as Morgan County has "no publick spekers."

	Houk responds to an earlier letter of Temple`s discussing "emotional insanity." Houk says that he has several attacks of "that disease" and that the remedy of "human Philosophy" has cured him each time. In the majority of the letter he discusses the suitability of certain individuals as future editor of "The Chronicle." Houk is extremely concerned about this position, writing that it has caused him "sleepless nights"and "anxiety."

	D.A. Dorsey, a soldier in the 33rd Ohio Infantry during the Civil War, writes to O.P. Temple discussing the South`s interest in the Civil War engagement of 1862 which came to be known as the Mitchel Raid, Andrews` Raid, the Great Locomotive Chase, and the Chattanooga Railroad Expedition. Dorsey, a Union survivor of the raid, is planning a trip to South to speak on the event. In Dorsey`s postscript he says that he has a "warm feeling for the southern people, prompted to some extent...that my parents were Virginians."

	D.A. Dorsey, a Union survivor of what he termed, "the Mitchel Raid" and what is popularly known as the Great Locomotive Chase, inquires of Temple of Knoxville`s interest in hearing a lecture from the survivors of the raid. One of the survivors, William Pittenger, told Dorsey that Knoxville was interested in the event which took place in 1862 during the Civil War. Dorsey would like to know if the expenses of a speaking tour through Atlanta, Chattanooga and Knoxville could be covered somehow.

	Letter from Burdett addresses price and freight cost of feed.

	Memorandum of contract made with William Posten to break rock and deliver it on side of road.

	Notice seen in Industrial Review of Temple`s intention to build; sends samples of roofing plates.

	Comparison of Journal and Chronicle; action as to receipts and notes sent by Temple.

	Mangrum was sentenced by Temple in January 1873, and served 21 years for robbery; implores Temple to request a pardon for him.

	Data requested on climate, living conditions, environment, and business prospects of Knoxville; Collins has been editor of various papers.

	Houk mentions Edmundson`s son; glad Chronicle is booming; opinion of Austin; praise for Temple`s articles on old and new methods of farming.

	This letter covers Knoxville`s advantages for location of a college.

	Bishop Warren expresses gratitude for Temple`s statement as to the advantages of Knoxville for location of University buildings.

	Pamphlet on Choctaw account forwarded (not found among papers); exchanged pension office job with Treasury Department Clerk; fears his confinement may injure his health.

	Choctaw claim; hopes for a hearing before May term expired; has had a temporary position in Pension Office; discriminated against in favor of younger men; payment of debts; and has no particulars of "our dear brother`s death."

	Arm crippled; uses an amanuensis; the district attorneyship; the Meek Brothers; Gibson and the Chronicle, can he do both?; and Gillenwaters.

	Redistricting; prefers to lose Blount and Loudon rather than Scott, Morgan or Roane counties; Temple, Gibson and Milton should have business at Nashville right away.

	Appeals to Temple to aid him in gaining freedom; Temple passed sentence, knows evidence; prisoner`s health declining after nine years in prison; record clear; can Temple help him regain liberty?

	In this letter, J.B. Killebrew writes to O.P. Temple if Temple will write a rough draft of lands at Rugby regarding capabilities etc. - Killebrew will add information about adaptabilities of soil for crops etc. at no charge, though he is too busy to do it all.

	Hastings paying $200.00 on account. Board has asked Messrs. Clarke to continue as Manager and Assistant Manager another quarter from Jan. 1. W.H. Hughes waiving all authority on current management and will make Rugby his home whether representing Board or not.

	Discussion of the Tennessee Senatorial election.

	Discusses various land matters and the rights of alien purchasers of real estate in Rugby.

	Letter enclosing extracts from Minutes of Board; Resolution of thanks to Killegrew and Temple for aid in preparation of pamphlet.

	Houk writes that he, not Maynard, will control appointments and political matters in Tennessee.

	Letter describing two cases - Sedgbeer vs. the Board and one involving a Mrs. Hannah. Discussion of other land matters in Rugby.

	Requests information about the Rugby settlement.

	Hughes writes to tell Temple that there is no hurry about the naturalization papers and informs him that the school has been incorporated. Also inquires whether alien property holders will have a vote.

	Hastings notes that he is puzzled about actions for Commissary, but they will operate on a cash only basis. Requests that citizenship paper be sent to him to fill out.

	Instructions to take legal steps "for registration etc." of the "Rugby Commissary" to run the "store business." Lists names of trustees and back contains Temple`s notes on his response to the request.

	Making appointment for Temple with Thomas Hughes in Chattanooga and mentions Mr. Bright`s death.

	Notes that he has received Temple`s news of Mr. Bright`s death. Notes that "Rugby" is the new name and sends by same mail a report of the Boston Public Library as promised (enclosure not found).

	M.S. Temple writes that he is leaving with a surveying party on the 12th for two months or more. Discusses weather, crops, timber, and outlook for agriculture and railroads in the Washington territory. Suggests Oliver make half-dozen speeches to get in Garfield`s favor, for "he believes in workers." Notes that he believes judges here not equal to East Tennessee lawyers.

	Congratulations on confirmation as Postmaster. Discusses removal of Bill Rule and Nelson tells Temple to tell Houk "not to sheath his sword" until the "head of Chaimbers falls."

	Replying to Temple, he would like to see a good road made out of Kingston Pike. McGhee will lend $500.00 for improvement if can be done for certain sum and all secured.

	Letter discusses Hannah case and Bright notes his preference for Mr. Clarke to give an oral testimony rather than a deposition. Also discusses Rugby, stating that it is "on its last legs" and notes bad management and short sighted policy as reasons for its failure.

	Trial in Knoxville 1862; gave no information at court martial not previously agreed upon by his comrades; Temple`s argument not found in captured Confederate archives; all he found "inserted in my new book."

	Asking for information as to whether Pittender turned state`s evidence in trial of "Engine thieves" executed as spies in Knoxville; wants copy of Temple`s argument in their defense.

	Busier than ever before; organization of House, committees, office seekers, comments on Temple`s clerks; appropriation for clerk hire exhausted.

	If bill doesn`t pass this legislature, Hughes will rely on Temple to protect interests until the next; is sending for autographed copies of Killegrew`s works; feels that "this year will be the most critical in the life of the settlement."

	Houk writes about applicants for Knoxville Pension Office and Post Office, friends and enemies.

	Presnell solicits Temple`s political influence to have her appointed State Librarian.

	Houk writes that he has no news, only private and personal opinions to write; he is for any Republican Senator who can get elected, Maynard probably has the best chance, Bailey never; opposes Judge Hawkins as candidate; and debates in Congress and political matters.

	Hughes inquires as to the whereabouts of the agreement with Crook [amp] Company for sale of 1,000 acres of coal land and asks Temple to draw up the deed.

	Hawkins requests preparation of plain and simple instructions for use by immigrants for examination of titles to guard them against purchase of land with defective title.

	Hughes requests copy of the State health report and State laws on sanitation and public health.

	Brown states that Tennessee and Texas are competitors for immigrants and alludes to Rugby. He expects to publish a catalog of his Jersey cows during the summer and offers to sell at a lower price than any individual to the State for the University.

	The letter addresses the separation of Rice`s daughter from Heiskell.

	Hughes expresses his gratitude for Temple`s letter and extracts from local paper; especial thanks for Temple`s letter in Knoxville Chronicle; never has spoken unkindly of native neighbors; hope for native uplift; encloses a pamphlet on Rugby; inquires if Temple will aid in its preparation; states there is much interest in England; and he hopes for many settlers to colonize Rugby in the Spring.

	This is a letter from Franklin W. Smith to O.P. Temple. It seems to be a business letter that doesn`t make much sense.

	In this letter, Thomas Hughes writes to F. W. Smith in acceptance of lands without clear title.

	Cole is President of the East Tennessee, Virginia [amp] Georgia and Memphis and Charleston Railroads. He has purchased and enclosed railroad passes from Chattanooga to Charlotte, NC, and return for Temple`s transportation in regard to the Centennial celebration of the Battle of King`s Mountain. Temple has been appointed as State Commissioner for the event.

	Letter regards land in Scott and Morgan Counties and a contract between Mumford V. Moore and The Board of Aid to Land Ownership. Temple`s report does not provide sufficient detail needed to draw up a description or a deed of the property in question to execute the contract.

	In this letter by C.A. Rice, he asks for advice in getting a divorce for his daughter. He explains that her husband is "possessed of an incorrigible, arrogant, barbarous temperament".

	Letter from widow who was recommended to Temple for assistance with land claim in Morgan and Scott counties. Temple can name his own terms for taking the case.

	In this letter, J.C. White asks if the English colony would want to buy and develop his land--coal, iron, and timber.

	Invitation to deliver the literary address at the close of Loudon College.

	This letter addresses squatter`s rights in Tennessee.

	Frater makes reference to "the snarl at Coal Creek" and discusses his and Temple`s salaries at length relative to the Company books being examined in court.

	Invitation from President John F. Spence of East Tennessee Wesleyan University and "our three literary societies" for Temple address. The students have promised to pay his expenses and a $10 honorarium.

	Reports on Washington Territory favorable and considers moving there if family will agree to go. Houk ready to support him, but letter from Temple to Houk would be helpful.

	This is an order concerning the state of W.S.M. McEwen. Also mentioned is W.H. Gibbs, the recipient and sheriff of Anderson County, Tennessee, 1880.

	Request for a copy of "Ancestry" lecture if printed and if not, asks for loan of the manuscript that will be returned.

	J. G. M. (James Gettys McGready) Ramsey graciously declines Temple`s invitation to a lecture entitled "Our Scotch-Irish Ancestors" because of poor health.

	Houk writes that he will watch and press claims for the Territorial Judgeship for Temple and makes comments about the general political state of affairs.

	This letter is in reference to the deposition of Willard in a land dispute case involving Goddard, McTeer, and Maryville College.

	Aston states he is no longer in the book business, but will try to get Wheeler`s History and has never heard of Adair`s History. He writes that public libraries are needed in the South and that his daughter has helped organize and is running one in Asheville. He is sending a copy of Bennett`s Chronology of North Carolina and a catalogue of the Asheville library.

	Temple`s engagement as counsel for the Board of Aid to Land Ownership operations are postposed until the Rail Road is built. The settlers who have established homes on the Plateau have done so on their own responsibility and await the commencement of work on the settlement. Knight is hopeful that "definite and public action" will occur before the end of the year.

	Humes is sending a set of East Tennessee Relief Association reports to Temple for inclusion in the City Public Library. He does not want to be known as the donor and stipulates the condition that the reports be bound in one volume and placed in the Everett alcove. The bound volume is not to be removed or borrowed by any person because of "its rarity."

	Foster states that he will come to Knoxville, if necessary, to participate in a deposition involving the Warren case. Certain papers pertaining to the case were destroyed when the Maryville Courthouse burned down.

	This letter questions Judge Andrews` resignation and the immediate recommendation of Wheeler by Thornburg when Andrews knew that Reeve wanted the position. Reeve states that it is time that the carpet bag dynasty in East Tennessee be overthrown.

	This letter is marked confidential and refers to plans for colonization in Tennessee. Smith refers to economic conditions in Tennessee being a detriment and states that Temple`s professional services will be requested by Clarke.

	This letter refers to Reeve`s work in Washington, D. C., as a clerk seeking promotion; names books he offers to Temple from his collection with credit; and comments on Tennessee politics.

	Temple had requested a copy of "Haygood`s Tenn." which was used by Simpson in preparation of a history of East Tennessee, including discrovery, settlement and political organization of every county. The copy had already been sold however. Simpson had 300 pages written, but his manuscript had not been published.

	Painter introduces himself as a relative of Temple`s and states that he has been invited to take charge of the theological department of Fisk Univeristy. He would like to know the attitudes of Temple and others towards such work. Painter describes his own motivations and ideas of what his work would entail regarding the African-American student population at Fisk.

	Smith has acquired a copy of Edward Everett`s address delivered before the Boston Union Club in 1863 and states that "it is a noble souvenir of the loyalty of E. Tenn." Smith requests facts from Temple to remove fear of the Board to go to "Tableland" in Tennessee in part due to its proximity to the "refugees."

	Smith asks Temple to "send me some of those statements you made in conversation showing extraordinary Republican statements of E. Tenn." He also inquires if there is any fear of yellow fever in Knoxville and states that he will try to get a copy of Edward Everett`s pamphlet containing the speech Everett gave to the Boston Union Club in 1863.

	Houk asks if Temple will write him stating that Houk`s "appointment would be acceptable" for the position of District Attorney in the Eastern District of Tennessee.

	In this letter, Nelson refers to possible political appointments if Hayes is elected President of the United States. Nelson specifically discusses the possible appointment of Major Turner.

	In this letter, Sevier requests information from Temple on some land sold in east Knoville sold to Jas. Sevier in 1858.

	Date range inferred from life dates of Robert E. Lee.

	Date of creation based off of publication date.

	Creation date range inferred from life dates of James Agee, portrait subject.

	Creation date range questionable, inferred from archivist's temporal subject appraisal during original record creation.

	Lewis discusses the possibility of reconstruction being extended to Tennessee, the retention of power by Republicans in the state government, and the lack of good leadership in their party. He wishes the passage of a bill which would bring reconstruction to the state. Lewis hopes that Butler and Stokes will not serve out their terms. He reflects on Trumbull and other conservative men in their party. He does not sanction the recent Republican convention in Nashville. Lewis writes of his unwilling work on the county committee, attempts to meet his debts, and hope for the judgeship.

	Tells of the writer`s hopes of going to Washington in March (probably for Grant`s inauguration). States his belief that the militia should be sent to the writer`s county to restore order among the rebels, pointing out their mistreatment of freedmen. References to the writer`s hoped-for appointment.

	States that M.A.W. Young, a gauger in the Memphis District, is deeply involved in whiskey frauds and must be removed before either Smith or the government can receive what is justly theirs. Complains about Nash, the Revenue Supervisor for Tennessee, who promises much but does nothing to remedy matters and who plans to make a big profit from his position. Observes that General Smith, Lewis, and Eaton will control appointments for the eighth district.

	Printed program giving the order in which various military units are to appear in the Inaugural parade.

	Pomeroy describes the letter he sent to the Chicago Republican.

	This is a report of findings of the board making a study of the Military Academy. The concerns are the quality of instruction, and the use of assistant professors and the examinations are found to be especially beneficial. The board recommends pay increases for assistant professors. Curriculum evaluation criticizes too great an emphasis place upon some courses and suggests introduction of new courses. The board recommends that mastery of English be given more emphasis, that courses in the scientific method, geography, U.S. History and hygiene be added and that examinations be used. The board suggests ways of of increasing the school`s geological collection. The board also compares West Point to the French Military Academy and urges adoption of some of their standards, including stringent entrance requirements. The board sets forth their ideas on the West Point graduate`s place in society and recommends a broader education at the Academy. The report is written mostly in John Eaton`s handwriting.

	Hagar, principal of the State Normal School in Salem, MA, offers high praise for Eaton`s report which the writer feels is of interest to educators throughout the nation and does much honor to Eaton. The report may spur Tennessee`s thinking people into saving the system begun by Eaton. Hagar expresses wonder at what Eaton has accomplished in two years.

	Asks reasons for the writer`s anticipated arrest and claims that he will vindicate himself and not be a sacrifice to save others. Glued to the letter is a newspaper article by Rutter explaining the part played by the National Bank at Memphis in the handling of the school fund.

	Printed letter notifying the Post that it has been chosen to publish acts and resolutions passed during the third session of the Fortieth Congress and all treaties ratified by the United States with the exception of Indian treaties. Gives instructions for printing and states that the paper will receive two dollars for each page printed.

	Defensive and detailed explanation of the selection of Dr. Shaw and Johnson as Republican candidates for aldermen in Memphis and the general approval of them. Shows anger at being asked by Eaton and Smith to justify measures taken for political reasons. Information revealed by Shaw could be used to destroy Tomeny and his paper, the Bulletin. Facts about some resolutions passed at the convention and mention of Beecher`s and Waldron`s roles in it.

	Discussion of the opposition to the present school system. Thoughts on the schism in the Republican Party in Tennessee, noting several men whom he fears are leaning toward the rebels and another who is loyal. Touches on his hope of being made assessor, a memorial to Hawkins, and the writer`s deep regret at losing the election for State Treasurer.

	Tells what the writer is doing to help defeat the movement to change the Free School Law and suggests that he can have the legislature flooded with petitions opposing the change.

	Indicates that Williamson`s appointment is vital to their interests. Reports that a rival faction in their party supports Beecher and points out the folly in this. Reference to their party`s influence over the Negroes. Lists many friends who, because of the writer`s persuasion, have written letters to the governor and others urging Williamson`s appointment.

	Tabulation of votes cast in the Presidential and Congressional election comprising Tennessee`s 8th Congressional District. The following counties comprise the 8th Congressional District: Shelby, Haywood, Tipton, Madison, McNairy, and Hardeman.

	States that the writer is sending one of his publications to Eaton and claims that his trip to Tennessee helped the writer understand what Eaton has to struggle against.

	Rutter and his testimony against Eaton viewed as the attempt of an insane man to embroil others with himself. Tells of the Negroes` choice of Shaw as candidate for county commissioner and Stephens for postmaster and reveals the writer`s own and General Smith`s thoughts on the subject.

	Observes that for two years the writer has been trying to contact Eaton and obtain a certificate from him. Reminder that this certificate from him is all that is needed in order for the writer to receive a pension for a disease contracted during the war.

	In compliance with Eaton`s instructions, reports on elections held in August in each civil district in Bledsoe County. Lists clerks and directors chosen for the boards of education in each district. Information concerning schools in Bledsoe County, including conditions of school houses, money available for education, and education for Negroes.

	Expresses fear that the strength of the rebels is growing in Gibson County. Account of how Rogers, who is sympathetic to the South, was appointed judge. Feels that the governor should rescind all registration in Gibson County. Rebels of the county take the Loyalty Oath to become registered but do not abide by it. Fears that President Johnson`s policies will make void all that has been accomplished under Reconstruction. Hopes that Congress will take proper action to oppose Johnson`s unconstitutional steps.

	Discussion of the probability that the rebels will gain control of the post office in LaGrange and asks Eaton`s help in preventing this. Reveals the writer`s belief that Nunn is being bribed to work against them.

	Claims that there is nothing more to be said on an unspecified matter. Expresses the belief that the writer can carry the county by a great majority if General Smith will give him a clear field and if the governor is empowered to use the militia during the election.

	Expresses the writer`s best wishes on the birth of Alice`s son. Touches on politics in Memphis, mentioning a meeting of the radicals to be held that night at which they hope to prove that the Negroes are not armed.

	Describes the proceedings of their party`s convention which split into two opposing groups, each of which nominated candidates. Angry criticism of Fitch and his associates, remarking that the small vote they receive in the election will prove their worthlessness. Reference to the writer`s chance of being made elector at large and Nunn`s alliance with their enemies.

	Letter from Josiah Forster, John Hodgkin, J.B. Brainshwaite and Joseph Grosfield of London, England that states they have traveled throughout the United States and have formed an unbiased opinion of the state of affairs brought about by the war. Urges landed Southerners to address themselves to the problems discussed in an accompanying tract [missing] published by the religious society to which the writers belong.

	Letter from L.B. Eaton to his brother, General John Eaton that tells of Smith`s willingness to provide Eaton with money and other aid in return for a government position. Informs him that Beaumont, Hough and their group are trying to buy the Bulletin newspaper.

	Letter from Barbour Lewis in Memphis, TN to General John Eaton that gives an account of the nominating convention in Memphis to which he was a delegate. Explains his actions and defends himself against unjust charges that he failed to support Smith for trustee. Makes clear the secret agreement by which the writer was admitted as a delegate.

	A letter to General Eaton from W.H. Stilwell of Humboldt, Tennessee describing how the Governor should appoint only those men loyal to the Union rather than allow the former "rebels" to have the right to vote their "Copperhead" party.

	Notes that the writer is accused by one group of being a friend of the Eatons and by Lewis, of being a friend of Beaumont`s. Clarifies the writer`s position by stating that he is a friend to all Republicans and that Lewis can support whomever he feels best suited for nomination for Congress.

	Explains that the rebels in LaGrange are trying, in an underhanded way, to gain control of the local post office. Asks Eaton to help prevent this by writing Nunn, their congressman. Predicts a hot political contest in LaGrange.

	The superintendant of Obion County schools is not fulfilling his responsibilities and suggests that I.R. Winston is well qualified to take his place. Mentions that a Mr. Pate, also suggested for the job, is opposed to Brownlow and to Negroes. Reveals activities of the Ku Klux Klan in Obion County.

	Regrets that the writer cannot accept Eaton`s offer to send his son away to school because the boy is needed at the post office. Reflects that his hopes of being appointed to office have faded with changes in political climate. Representative Hawkins pictured as being mistrusted by the people of the seventh district. Asks legal questions concerning specific situations in the shcools of the writer`s area. States that he has been obliged to issue teaching certificates to men who had been Confederate soldiers but believes that they will teach loyalty to the Constitution.

	Reports that the Arkansas Bill will probably be passed by Congress within a few days, and it is hoped that their bill can then be introduced. Believes that the Radical wing of the Republican Party feels that it has been betrayed by the more Conservative faction. Voices surprise that Eaton is not in Washington at a time when his influence is needed.

	Discussion of the help given the Freedmen`s-Aid Association by various religious groups in England. States that the association was planned to exist for three years and expresses the hope that it can make one more contribution before going out of existence. Suggests that an American, perhaps Eaton himself, come to England for several months to speak on behalf of the freedmen and help the association in making its final gift.

	Explains that he believed Eaton to be already in Washington and has sent three letters to him there. Their party was forced to choose candidates at Hamilton`s urging. Assurance that he has told no one of Eaton`s plans and has all their friends committed to their cause.

	Explains in an apologetic tone that, at Hamilton`s insistence, their party`s candidates for political office in Memphis have been decided upon. Lists the men and the offices each will seek. Reports that with the aid of the writer and his faction, L.B. was named a candidate. He and Gen. Smith will go to Washington and do what they can for their candidates and are also relying upon Eaton`s help. Mentions Hamilton`s attempt to control the party and his hopes of being elected to Congress or the governorship. Stresses that Nunn cannot be renominated without the aid of Gen. Smith and his friends.

	Discusses the possibility that Hamilton will run for Congress in the Memphis district and the circumstances surrounding his candidacy. Relates how various political offices were meted out at a meeting held by Hamilton, Carter, Shaw, Kennedy, Carpenter, and Lewis. Believes that Lewis and Carpenter are opportunists who show friendship for the Eatons only to advance themselves politically. Instructs him to work with Nunn for Gen. Smith`s election. Mentions Hatchett`s hatred of Beaumont and news of the paper.

	Encloses a printed circular which suggests that Eaton made a dishonest arrangement with the A.S. Barnes Co. whereby he agreed to recommend their text books in return for a $3000 loan for his bankrupt brother. Believes Eaton innocent of the charges but fears that if the sheet receives wide circulation his reputation will be damaged.

	Encloses a printed circular which suggests that Eaton made a dishonest arrangement with the A.S. Barnes Co., whereby he agreed to recommend their textbooks in return for a $3000 loan for his bankrupt brother. Accuses Eaton of going beyond his legal rights as Superintendent of Public Instruction and forcing a particular line of books upon the schools. Launches into heated criticism of the circular`s authors, pointing out that the publishers of inferior, pro-Southern textbooks are probably behind it.

	In response to a request by Eaton, gives a brief description of the state of the school, including number of students in the various departments and the model school which provides teaching experience and accommodates more primary pupils. Asks what amount can be expected from the Peabody Fund.

	On behalf of school teachers and directors, asks Eaton for information as to how much public money they will receive so that they can plan on how much to raise by subscription or taxation. Informs Eaton of a new failure in the writer`s attempt to secure payment for Union use of printing equipment and again asks Eaton`s help in the matter. Gives full account of how the printing press and store were used by two regiments while occupying Humboldt.

	Stresses that the seizure and destruction of arms for Arkansas is an act of rebellion. Asks if the guilty parties and the Avalanche, the newspaper which incited the rebels to the act, will be allowed to go unpunished. Foresees this as the beginning of a new revolt by Tennessee`s rebels. Expresses the hope that Governor Brownlow will use militia in curbing disorders.

	Reports that the writer and his wife have both been in poor health since leaving Memphis. Long and gloomy reflections on the state of their party in the Memphis district in which he refers to the Camilla Massacre and the Memphis riots, blames Nunn for splitting the Republicans, and is certain that their faction has done its duty. Feels that they must assure their political future by crushing the Bulletin and by making the Post the only organ of Republicanism in West Tennessee. Urges Eaton to use his influence with state and federal officials to bring this about.

	Discussion of bonds issued by the State of Tennessee and the writer`s belief that they are being manipulated by state officials and men of wealth.

	Explains that the writer filed a claim at the Quartermaster`s Department for the use of his printing press by the Union army and that it has been mistakenly reported as disloyal. Asks Eaton`s help in correcting the error and in securing the payment due.

	Table listing prorate distribution of $1000000 to different states based on the last census numbers reporting the number of citizens 10 years old and up who are unable to write. Twenty-three states and D.C. are listed including: Delaware, Maryland, District of Columbia, Virginia, West Virginia, Kentucky, North Carolina, Tennessee, South Carolina, Georgia, Alabama, Florida, Mississippi, Arkansas, Missouri, Louisiana, Texas, Illinois, Idaho, Massachusetts, Maine, Ohio, Rhode Island, and New Mexico.

	News of whipping of a Justice of the Peace in Chattanooga which might be reported to Ku Klux court. Account of a visit to Chattanooga by Jefferson Davis who was godfather for the child of a notorious rebel. Quote from Davis on the coming rebirth of the Sourthern Confederacy.

	Expresses gratitude for Eaton`s help in securing a good assignment for the writer`s brother-in-law. Hopes that growing dissension in Democratic ranks will benefit Republicans in Tennessee and help Prosser to be restored. Regrets the delay in work on the custom house.

	Tells of the writer`s interest in being appointed to a judgeship or other position. Sees a split in the Democratic Party between Whigs and the rebel element as the only hope for Tennessee.

	Promises that the writer will resign his position if Eaton and SMith think it wise. Tells of Holms` visit to Memphis and plans for marriage and for serving as managing editor of the Pilot. News of Ballad, who found a position with the writer`s recommendation, and of Ku Klux Klan activity.

	The writer has been suggested as commissioner for the Centennial Celebration of American Independence to be held in Philadelphia in 1876. Explains that each state will have a commissioner and asks that Senter appoint the writer as representative from Tennessee, pointing ou that his legal residence is in Memphis.

	Long and passionate declaration of the writer`s loyalty to the Republican Party and to Eaton, his hope that reconstruction will come to Tennessee, and his disgust for the rebels who have regained power in the state. Reminds Eaton that the writer taught a colored school and now, because of the Ku Klux Kland intimidation, cannot secure a teaching position. Desires and appointment as U.S. storekeeper and asks Eaton`s help.

	Cobleigh writes that he is sending Eaton a copy of the East Tennessee Wesleyan University catalog. Notes that the university will be opening Theological and Law departments. Asks questions of Eaton regarding admission of colored students and the Freedmen`s Bureau.

	Affidavit certifying that H.W. Hasslock illuminated his house and drugstore along with other rebel Democrats in honor of the nomination of Seymour and Blair. Relates the wonder expressed by everyone that a known Democrat was appointed gauger under a Republican administration.

	Affidavit stating that H.W. Hasslock, recently appointed gauger by Prosser, is an active rebel Democrat and a drunkard. Gives example of Hasslock`s behavior and urges his removal from office.

	Desires that Eaton and General Smith obtain a place for the writer`s son as a railway postal clerk when the service is extended to lines in Humboldt. Rejoices in the newspaper acclaim of Eaton`s success but regrets that supporters of a national system of education are not pressing the matter in Congress. Bewails the dismal prospect for Negro education in Tennessee, revealing persecutions by the Ku Klux Klan. Believes that Negro education can succeed only if administered by the federal government.

	Bewails the state into which public education in Tennessee has fallen, noting that the new law leaves to each county the choice of whether or not it is to have schools. Davidson County is the only county to have organized free schools. Expresses belief that Tennessee will eventually return to the well organized, well administered school system introduced by Eaton.

	Affadavit accussing H.W. Haslock of Copperhead activities.

	Account of county convention which was sabotaged by ruffians hired by Nunn and Shaw and the little genuine opposition to Smith. Describes illegal convention at which Ed Shaw and other Negroes were nominated for Congress and Hamilton`s and Thorn`s desire for a compromise candidate. L.B. and the Writer have aided Smith`s campaign. News of Trigg, Mitchell, Matthias, Holmes, Hudson, and others.

	Stilwell inquires on behalf of Col. H. Duncan for a raise of salary, and he later mentions the inadequacy of compensation for the entire postal service. Entreats Eaton to exert his influence to obtain Stilwell`s son the position of Route Agent. Requests an investigattion into the rumors of dubious Republicanism on the part of Route Agent Harper of Jackson, Tenn. Stilwell laments the downward turn of the Reconstruction effort.

	Stilwell askes Eaton`s help in securing an appointment for his son as a mail route agent. He remarks on the Tennessee Legislature`s return to Eaton`s ideas on a public schoool system for Tennessee, including the need for a state superintendent. Stilwell comments on Eaton`s success in his federal position and adds that Grant must be re-elected to insure progress in "the Republic."

	Hale discusses current opinion against Grant existing in the South. He describes men who call themselves Union men, but, according to Hale, the men secretly desire the election of a man who could be influenced by Shurz and Greely.

	Woodbury, the Southern Educational Correspondent, remarks on Eaton`s instructions to him on collecting news of education in the South. Woodbury gives the number of "colored and white students" enrolled in Nashville Public Schools.

	Stilwell gives Eaton a passionate warning that Grant may be assassinated. He cites Ku Klux Klan threats and fanaticism.

	D.W. Peabody, Collector of Internal Revenue in Nashville, Tennessee describes the economy of the city as being prostrate and its people much opposed to African Americans and Northern investment. He discusses an attack upon Prosser and the good effect it produced on his standing and praises the Ku Klux Klan act passed by Congress which will prevent such violence. Peabody also gives an account of General Harrison`s death and expresses doubt about his successor. He regrets the difficulties Eaton experienced in obtaining favors for Saltmarsh, who is described as a scoundrel.

	Instructions for sending Eaton`s manuscript for a pamphlet which they hope to have ready for the public by mid-November. Asks his recommendation for a Union man to take his present position as a member of the board of trustees. Mentions condition of schools in Knoxville.

	Tells of meeting two friends of Eaton`s from Cincinnati, both of whom are city officials. Expresses confidence that Hayes and most other Republicans will be elected, but is less certain of the Constitutional Amendment. Hopes to meet Gen. Eaton soon.

	Claims joy at a recent political victory of the Union party in Tennessee. Desires that Eaton place in the Post an article favoring Grisham for Clerk of the State House of Representatives which will soon convene. Recalls favors done by the Union Flag for Eaton.

	Requests aid in being placed on the pension list for disabled Union soldiers. Description of his service during the war and his contracting of chronic diarrhea due to exposure. Mention of manuscripts belonging to his deceased wife.

	Critical discussion of a baccalaureate sermon preached the previous day and of various religious teachings.

	Discusses selling his Tennessee bonds after learning that the state had to borrow money to pay its July interest. Asks for information concerning this and what provisions Tennessee can make for paying interest on its bonds in January. Congratulates Eaton on his success in the election and mentions the Negroes` part in the election.

	Asks Eaton`s help in getting a pension. Informs him that the disease contracted while in the service is responsible for his present poor health.

	Requests that Eaton say a kind word for the writer in the Post to help him in his candidacy for clerk of the House of Representatives. Reminds him of the help given Eaton by the Union Flag.

	Discussion of Eaton`s serious difficulties caused by Tomeny. Reports that he has written to Tomeny to ask aid for Eaton. Speaks of Eaton`s failure as almost certain and gives his plans for coming to assist him in the crisis.

	Appoints John Eaton general organizer and agent for West Tennessee with full power to promote the interests of the organization.

	Trivial items of news concerning their relatives and daily household duties. Relates that fifteen Negroes were hanged for the murder of their mistress in Vicksburg.

	Talks at length about the plans for establishing a newspaper in Memphis with details concerning the legal aspects of their partnership. Expresses the belief that the paper they contemplate establishing will promote democratic ideals. Lists equipment needed for furnishing the news and job offices. Estimates cost of each item. Discussion of his new work with a petroleum refinery and mention of the possibility that the Cotton agency will be open to him. Reference to the Freedmen`s Bureau.

	Tells of organizing the districts and his ordering of elections for civil districts only. Wishes that the Legislature would alter the method of forming boards of education so that there will be only one board and one set of directors in each civil district. Remarks concerning salaries [for teachers]. Asks for help in securing the appointment as Commissioner of Roads for Tennessee.

	Informs his brother that he will investigate at the post office as to the failure of the Post to reach radical representatives in Nashville. Reference to the great burden of work he has at the newspaper and its financial obligations. News of several of its employees. Mentions his hope of getting the county school bill passed, the cases of yellow fever in Memphis, and Judge Lewis` stirring up of the Negroes.

	Encloses an article criticizing Mr. Thorn`s appointment as the Register in Bankruptcy for the district. Reports that the petition for his removal has already been sent to Washington and complains that he has been treated unfairly. Appeals to Eaton to help him by writing United States Chief Justice Chase to uphold Thorn`s appointment. Newspaper clippling included.

	Reviews the proposition made by the Eatons that Smith give Nunn a clear field for re-election in 1868 if Nunn agrees to support Smith for the office in 1870. Firmly refuses to comply but expresses good will toward Smith.

	Discussion of Nunn`s attitude toward their group. Fears and alignment between Nunn and their enemies. Proposes keeping Nunn in office for another term and supporting Lewis as his successor, an arrangment which would unify them and also strengthen the writer`s position for obtaining the judgeship. Account of shabby treatment given Cooper by Beaumont. Hopes that Eaton and Hudson will be made delgates to the Chicago convention. Tells of Lucien`s high hopes about the Post and touches on the Bulletin`s failure and the demoralized state of its backers.

	The Bulletin viewed as a failure, antagonistic to Democrats and Republicans; Beaumont has neither financial nor personal interest in it. Conveys Hunter`s promise of articles and his assurances that party support is with the Post. News of the increasing circulation of their paper and improvement in Charlie`s work. Instructs John to write up any state political news quickly so that the Post can publish it first.

	Urges Eaton to announce his appointment as county superintendent early or at least send the bond so that he may use school funds to extricate himself from his present embarrassment [the deficiency in post office funds]. Acknowledges difficulty in appointing directors in five unorganized districts which have strong rebel sentiment.

	Reports that the first issue of the Bulletin as a radical paper took a half-hearted stand for the Republican party and made a poor showing. Observes that Tomeny`s personal debts and those owed by the Bulletin may cause it to fold financially. Warns that they still must strengthen the position of the Post through new features. Mention of debts owed by their paper; anticipates Coleman`s take over on the following day. Discloses that under pressure from Hamilton and on advice from Lewis, he nominated Hamilton as congressman-at-large.

	Discusses the need for one or more additional delegates from Tennessee to the national convention in Chicago and states his desire to be named a delegate. Mentions with contempt the reappearance of the Bulletin as a radical paper under the editorship of Dr. Shaw and with the help of Beaumont, Hough, Tomeny, and Bingham.

	Informs him that the Post cannot include more religious and sentimental material because of lack of space and that much of John`s news is dated when it arrives. Relates how he lost his position as clerk to Sheldon Lewis through bribery on the part of Taft and Boswell. Mentions the killing of a Negro on Nunn`s farm, Barbour Lewis` cordiality since his near indictment, and the brisk business at the paper.

	Discusses general problems of their party. Agrees to speak at Teachers Association meeting in Nashville in August if political matters will allow. Complains that the hot month of August is a poor choice for the meeting. Touches on the views held in northern states that education is not a matter for the federal government.

	Discussion of his struggle to have a bill approved by Congress and his probable need of Eaton`s presence in Washington to help push the bill through. References to the recent New Hampshire election and the growing number of rebels in Washington.

	Asks Eaton`s opinion on the bonds issued by Tennessee as an investment. Observing that a large debt has been incurred by the state for the building of railroads. Criticism of Andrew Johnson.

	Discloses that it will be possible to have Tomeny removed from office if a successor can be found and approved. Suggests W.W. Thatcher as a suitable man for Tomeny`s job. Asks him to write a letter which can be shown to Senator Fowler if he favors the removal of Tomeny.

	Long discussion of a political victory over Tomeny, Beaumont, and their friends and of a coming election in which he is hopeful that Davis will win out over Chandler. Hopes that Eaton will come to Memphis and allow his brother a vacation. Reports that the Post has a growing number of supporters, including Hunter, Beecher, and Waldron and Fitch and his friends.

	Asks Eaton`s help in securing a position for a mutual friend, Mr. Cendron. Is interested in Eaton`s work in the field of public education. Mention of another mutual friend who is in Washington and of the work of the Freedmen`s Bureau. Tells of a serenade at the White House, apparently staged by Negroes as a demonstration.

	Expresses alarm that Boyle, who has allowed rebels to register in the writer`s county, remains in office as registrar. Claims that Holt was to have replaced Boyle, cites the disunity of their party on this matter and the damage it is doing them. Proposes ways of nullifying the registration and asks that his letter be shown to Governor Brownlow. Makes known his own desire to receive an appointment.

	Discussion of illegal practices in his county wherby former rebels have been allowed to register to vote. Foresees an increase in the political strength of Confederate sympathizers. Suggests that the governor nullify all registrations since the previous August. Fears that freedmen may be forced to vote the rebel ticket. Refers to extreme corruption in the federal government and points to Fletcher as a trouble maker in their party. Expresses wish for a political office for himself and his belief that when Grant is elected, Eaton can have any office he chooses.

	Letter from Andrew Jackson Fletcher in Nashville, TN on letterhead of the State of Tennessee, Office Secretary of State. Sends form as a reminder that he must take the candidate`s oath. Says that Emerson Etheridge has not filled his out yet and speculates that he may not. Says that he can hear from his window Etheridge speaking outside. States that Capt. William Heydt had "very properly refused the use of the Hall of the house to the great dirty crowd."

	Open letter to the Tennessee railroad presidents. Relates to the interest payments due to the state from the state sponsored railroads and their degree of indebtedness. Contains clerk`s notations.

	On letterhead of the "Headquarters Military Division of Tennessee." Writes on behalf of Major-General George H. Thomas to decline Gov. Brownlow`s request to remove troops from East Tennessee. Says the General will not remove the troops until events show "a more decided disposition of obedience to the Gov`t..." Contains clerk`s notations.

	Schuyler Colfax writing from Erie, Pennsylvania says that he is lecturing every night. Says that Gov. Geary will write Brownlow. Says that everyone is observing the attempt of the Democrats "to secure the colored vote from you." Says that the same was attempted in Georgetown, but "fortunately the ballot had a picture of Lincoln on it next to the union ticket..." Suggest the same tactic may work for Brownlow.

	A.H. Walker writing from Richland Valley, Weakley County, asks for advice on what to do about William H. Hornbeck of the Quorum Court. Hornbeck, as a member of the court in 1861, voted $4,000 for the Confederacy and a property tax to benefit "the families of rebel soldiers." Hornbeck joined Captain McCutchen "and went to Columbus, Ky. in search of Yankees." On December 8, 1866 Hornbeck took from Judge Lamarr the oath specified in the Franchise Law and was appointed an election judge. Walker wants him stripped of office. Also says that the Tax Collector has recently been shot. Says that without protection registering voters will be dangerous. Says that Emerson Etheridge used "his influence to prevent raising a company in his county." States that if his suggestions to Brownlow were known, his life would be endangered. Contains clerk`s notations.

	Thomas A.R. Nelson writing from Greeneville, Tennessee discusses the vote variation over the course of the last two elections in Greene County.

	Ephraim Foster in Nashville, Tennessee writes an extensive discussion of the recent Whig convention at which Winfield Scott received the presidential nomination. Former Senator Foster expresses his disappointment with Scott and discusses the course he proposes to personally adopt toward him and what course the Tennessee Whig Party will probably follow.

	John Bell, writing from Washington, continues discussion of previous letter on Taylor cabinet. Predicts a cabinet position for former Governor James C. Jones, which Bell will protest. Also talks further about the move of Brownlow`s paper and Gentry`s and Crozier`s attitude toward the move. Discusses possible candidacy of Neill S. Brown and what attitude Brownlow should adopt toward him.

	Horace Maynard writing from Massachusetts mentions previous letter addressed to Brownlow in Philadelphia, "not knowing your present address." Mentions writing to Judge Trigg without receiving yet a reply. Says that the troops have left Cumberland and are marching towards the Ohio River. Mentions writing "a strong letter to the President" urging help for East Tennessee. Mentions his wife would like to hear from the Brownlow family.

	Horace Maynard in Washington writes his regrets that he could not go with Brownlow to Pottsville, but he did not feel that he could be absent from Congress. Mentions Everson Etheridge. Mentions news from Edward Maynard that 8,000 "rebels" are in Knoxville and that John M. Thornburgh, Learned(?) Johnson, Squin Gailbraith (?), O.P. Temple, and John Baxter have been arrested, sent to Tuscaloosa, and are either dead or dying, which confirms Brownlow`s "intelligence." Mentions Trigg.

	From John C. Underwood in Alexandria, Virginia. On the letterhead of the "United States Marshal`s Office." Praises Brownlow`s stand on Black suffrage. Contains clerk`s notations.

	Letter from E.C. Prescott to Governor William G. Brownlow extending an invitation to address the Mercantile Literary Association and offers an honorarium of $300. Contains clerk`s notations.

	A letter in Robert`s handwriting, requesting Brownlow`s support for the completion of "the contemplated Midland line of railway between Lexington, Kentucky, and Knoxville, Tennessee, via point Burnside and the Elk Gap." Discusses the advantages of such a railroad. Written on the back of a broadside (dated 1860 with reprinted letters by Samuel Roberts, W.M. Corry, and W. Bebb).

	Letter from James A. Rogers in St. Louis on the letterhead of the "Olive Street Hotel, St. Louis, Mo." Introduces the Governor Yabulan C. Nolen and recommends him, as a Unionist and Old Whig, for a government appointment. Also Rogers himself would like a judgeship and asks Brownlow to influence President Johnson to so appoint him.

	Writes to advise Brownlow on the dissatisfied mood of the people in Anderson, Scott, Morgan, and Campbell counties in regard to nonelected, appointed judges. Advises Brownlow to hold elections for the positions. Says that Judge Young believes that were an election held, he could win. Mentions Colonel John Whitson`s law suit against Colonel Cummings, John Jarnigan and others. Also says that "Captain Wainwright has turned over Sneed`s house to you." Mentions General Stoneman and Mr. Caldwell.

	Letter from Alfred Stewart to General George H. Thomas that says that Stewart has served more than two years of a ten-year sentence for house burning, but states that the house is still standing. Convinced that he was convicted due to "the prejudice of the rebels..." Pleads that he is far "from my home and have A wife and two Little children they are left on the charity of the people. I am among strangers..." After the signature he has written "colored". Contains note, dated January 2, 1868, from George H. Thomas recommending to Gov. Brownlow that the petititoner`s case be favorably considered.

	Letter from William G. Brownlow to his wife and family giving war news. Mentions the recruitment of fifteen deserters from Gen. Braxton Bragg`s army. Reports that many rank and file Confederate soldiers have applied for amnesty. States that Andrew Johnson and he had telegraphed Gen. Wool asking for the arrest of Gen. William H. Carroll. Mentions an assassination attempt made upon Dr. Peters at Brownlow`s boarding house. States that "200 rebels came in last night, deserters from Bragg."

	Letter from R. R. Calkins in San Francisco to Brownlow that praises Brownlow and places a subscription with the Whig. Sends names of 31 other people who desire to be added to the paper`s subscription list.

	Says General Thomas will stay Dept. commander and that Stone is to go to New Orleans. Discusses Brownlow`s belief that the war is about to resume again. Marked private.

	Seven page speech on the state of the parties and their origins.

	Hughes, a Virginia Republican, writes to complain to Brownlow over recent actions of the House of Representatives in the Virginia Case. "The provisions of the Paine bill or those repeated by Fartsworth is the least that could be properly hoped by Congress." With envelope.

	Addressed to "The President and Directors of the Knoxville and Charleston Rail Road." A long report from the Knoxville and Charleston Railroad engineer`s office on the condition of the road and the work necessary to be undertaken. Contains clerk`s notations.

	Letter frmo W.H. Stilwell in Humboldt, Tennessee to Gov. W. Brownlow in which Stilwell discusses recent election where states that the former Confederates did not vote for anyone "suspected of Unionism" and Black voters were induced to vote the way the former Confederates wished. Also discusses the Klu Klux Klan when he states that "negroes" are being shot, whipped, and driven off by the Klanm and complains that even visiting Northern Republicans must feign sympathy with the former Confederates. States that were a person to write and complain, as he has done, the result would be fatal, but he trusts Brownlow and expresses hope for Congressional action for protection.

	Letter dated May 21, 1867 from D.L. Chandler to General H.H. Thomas. On the letterhead of the "Office of Superintendent Metropolitan Police." Says that Colonel Beaumont was answering one portion of General Thomas`s letter and he the other. States the suspected murderer of Wilson is Thomas W. Knowlton and describes him. Discusses the registration of the voters for the upcoming elections. Says that by polling day there should be 5,500 blacks and 3,200 whites registered, which should give a majority at the poll of 2,500. States that Colonel Stokes made a good impression, "although he has not the tricks of the politician to such a degree as Etheridge...Etheridge gets the shouts and yells, while Stokes carries the votes." Says that the "work at Bartlett`s Station produced good fruit," with the result that 300 blacks were registered. "The meeting was the first one we had had in that vicinity and stirred the darky mind wonderfully..." Says that the party is in good spirits. Wishes that Stokes was less defensive with Etheridge. Urges that he attack him continuously.

	Train ticket for June 15, 1942 on the Chesapeake and Ohio Lines from Charleston, West Virginia to Cincinnati, Ohio. Hotel receipt for the Farragut Hotel in Knoxville, Tennessee for Joe L. Silverstein for June 20, 1942 through June 25, 1942. Ticket envelope has advertisement for United States savings bonds and stamps.

	Brownlow discusses his predicted future of the historical remembrances of East Tennessee leaders from Tennessee`s early settling through the Civil War, drawing comparisons to the Dutch Revolt. Mentions Roosevelt`s "The Winning of the West."

	Temple writes notes of information for his book on Unionism in East Tennessee.

	Brownlow discusses the 1855 Tennessee Gubernatorial election, including speeches and a debate in Murfreesboro. Hypothesizes as to the reasons for the defeat of Gentry to Johnson.

	Etheridge discusses Andrew Johnson`s presidency and his change in relations with the "Rebels" in attempt to be elected. Apologizes that he is unable to provide Temple with any document or letter written by Johnson.

	Bronlow relates an account of the arrest of Thomas J. Powell after visiting William Brownlow in prison and offering financial assistance for his family.

	Brownlow describes the events surrounding the election of Andrew Johnson to the Senate during the Grant Administration. Recounts an encounter with a drunken Rev. Pitts. Remarks on the undependability of the Knoxville Post Office.

	Brownlow gives Temple the address of the Pennsylvania hotel used by Andrew Johnson as boarding house and discusses the location at length. Discusses the arbitrary and unwarrented eulogism encountered within the United States Congress. Expresses frustration with the ommission of Temple`s name as a top leader in East Tennessee Unionism. Mentions Temple`s book. Urges Temple to apply to the Sons of the American Revolution.

	Baxter thanks Temple for the work he and Williams have done in Knox County in regard to the World`s Fair, praising the progressive, innovative nature of Knoxville and East Tennessee, and lamenting the conservative skepticism of the rest of the state.

	Heiskell discusses matters in regard to the World`s Fair. Makes mention of his wife`s illness.

	Evans expresses his hope that the Governor will not appoint him. Laments his earlier support for [Rules].

	Buchanan directs to Temple a commission to become a member of the Board of World`s Fair Managers of Tennessee.

	Brownlow writes about Temple`s pending book, praising him as the man most knowledgeable of East Tennessee history. Discusses public opinion and leadership in the North and the South and the Northern hatred of Andrew Johnson. Mentions the recent election of John Hawk.

	Reeve mentions the childhood adoption of his wife my Maynard and discusses his "adventures" with Temple, travelling to Cincinnati.

	Brownlow recounts the populace opposition of the war in North Western Carolina, Northern Georgia, and Northern Alabama, describing how the leadership manipulated opinion to favor secession. He rebukes Rule, who stated that these regions already favored secession and that East Tennessee abolition and pro-Unionism was present only in the leadership.

	Temple`s cousin Gallaher relates the general state and news of his family. He discusses his present working situation as pastor of a Presbyterian church and craftsman of walking sticks. He sends his regards to various family members and friends in the Knoxville area.

	Brownlow promises to send materials concerning the Election of 1860. Brownlow advises Temple concerning is creation of a history of the election of 1860, advising him to include an autobiographical. Brownlow expresses his respect and appreciation of Temple.

	Gaut answers Temple`s inquiry as to incidents and persons connected with arranging the Cherokee treaty of 1835-1836 and gives details of the "Jolly Island" case from Athens, Tennessee.

	Expresses his surprise at the number of recent successful authors who have come from Tennessee. States his misconception of the people and culture of Tennessee. Sends a recent publication by McMaster, which the writer greatly applauds.

	Apologizes for the delay in the return of borrowed $30. Thanks Temple for his warning of Kimber, and describes the trouble Kimber has caused and the great ordeal facing the writer.

	Informs Temple of the writer`s failure to secure for the recipient a maid, as there are none free, and those employed were dissuaded by their employees. Laments the general low quality in service. Discusses the presidential nomination, and expresses concern over the possible nomination of Arthur.

	Discusses the problem of Gibson and the trouble he has caused. Urges Temple to help solve the problem.

	Presnell thanks Temple for his promised help in securing a position in Washington. Mentions Temple`s influence with L.C. Houk.

	A letter to Judge Rodgers with 4 pages of enclosed notes on religion. Requests that Rodgers preserve the paper and return it to Temple.

	Discusses various Harriman suits, reproach attached to W.A. Henderson in respect to them, and the disputed $1290 payment.

	Questions about payment of $1290 to Mr. Henderson in connection with Rugby Colony business.

	Ramsey thanks Temple for his offer to loan Draper`s new book, but Ramsey has already read it. He expresses interest in hearing Temple criticism of the book. He briefly discusses his pending compilation of the letters of Isaac Shelby and how the letters were acquired.

	W.R. Shelby discusses Draper`s book "King`s Mountain and its Heroes," lamenting the "injustice. . . done to the fame of Shelby and Sevier." The writer also mentions a work in progress by Col. Todd, compiling the letters of the former.

	Urges Temple`s presence at the King`s Mt. Comm. meeting. ManyTennesseans participated in the Battle at King`s Mountain in 1780. Sneed will go unless "public health" conditions make it unsafe for his family in Memphis.

	Houk discusses the upcoming primary election and Grant`s expected nomination. Outlines reasons for his support of Grant and the Republican nominee and presidential candidate.

	Foster discusses traveling in Iowa, Missouri, and Kansas. Sees many Tennesseans; saw a dozen old Blount County friends--all delighted with the country and doing well. Mentions the Steele and Warren suit.

	Smith discusses Temple`s engagement to examine title for lands sold to board of Aid to Land Ownership.

	Writer did not know anything was due Temple for helping him when in prison, or even that Temple ever did help. Writer was imprisoned at insistance of Maynard, Brownlow and others; two years starving at Johnson`s Island.

	Templeton states that he will be moving to Jacksboro and says that the "yellow fever scare demoralized our last Circuit Chancery Courts." M.B. Templeton worked in the circuit court system of Tennessee in the 19th century. O.P. Temple served as chancellor of the 8th District from 1866 until 1878.

	Nash has heard that Temple has been nominated for Senator by the temperance party and Nash is also a candidate for Senator. Nash is concerned about their competition and the fact that the Republican party will be split, therefore unsucessful. Nash is also for the banning of "spirits" and would like to know Temple`s intention of entering the race. He requests that Temple keep the contents of this letter confidential and that Temple respond in a "private letter."

	Frater inquires whether the case against him by Mr. Ross can be put off. If not, he says that his interest at Coal Creek will go for a "song." Frater asks Temple`s advice.

	M.S. Temple remarks on the judicial sale of farm to O.P. Temple and M.S. Temple`s intention to pay all of his debts. He mentions the possibility of further surveys of Indian lands and plans of the future.

	Jenkins discusses "potential vacancies on "our judicial branch." He says that Temple`s chances are good if an application with recommendations is on file. Jenkins asks if Temple`s friends in Washington can help him to be appointeed as Collector of Customs in the Puget Sound area.

	Anderson congratulates Knoxville and Temple on the reception given to President Hayes. He says that "Knoxville will hardly see another such time." Anderson also writes of family matters and his greenhouse and plants.

	M.S. Temple totals his debts which his sons believe to be insurmountable. He reports that one half of forty members of the Choctaw Council are believed to be dead because of the bad conditions north of the Red River.

	M.S. Temple comments on Broyle`s business and the prospective sale of farm to a Wisconsin man. The letter says that many northern people are migrating to the south.

	Frater discusses the Coal Creek business and encloses a memo of the kind of monthly statement he wants.

	Robinson reports that Mr. Wild`s case will be set for July in Chancery Court.

	Robinson refers to Wild`s case and the discussion he had with Judge Patterson. He asks Temple`s adivice on what to do regarding the money owed to Temple.

	Maynard says that southern Republicans are not properly recognized in federal affairs and refers to several instances by which he has gained this impression.

	Frater cannot get an answer from Col. Camp about "our Coal Creek business." Frater asks if Temple would buy his interest.

	This note is written on Vassar College letterhead stating that a draft has been cashed for Temple`s daughter.

	Mr. Gillespie inquires of O.P. Temple about a slave named Gipson that Gillespie has purchased from William McClellan who lives near Knoxville. Gillespie needs to know if McClellan`s wife has any vested interest and needs to sign the bill of sale.

	Requests that recipient come as a speaker for a political rally for East Tennessee, which he notes is being made the battle ground of the state.

	Discusses distribution and sale of his book and the Civil War, specifically plans he has heard regarding Union forces marching on East Tennessee.

	This is an amnesty oath taken by J.C. Ramsey following the Civil War pardoning him "for all offences by him committed, arising from participation, direct or implied, in the said rebellion..." Andrew Johnoson was President of the United States at the time the oath was administered.

	Frost, president of the Blue Ridge Railroad discusses matters concerning the railroad that is to connect East Tennessee with the coast. He writes that he has engaged a civil engineer to survey the road and discusses state legislation which will affect railroads.

	This is special tax on J.C. Ramsey`s occupation of lawyer and is dated May 22, 1867. His office`s were located on Gay Street and the tax of $10.00 dollars was for the year ending May 1st, 1868. The local federal collector for the 2nd district of Tennessee is James T. Abernathy as noted in the embossed seal and by Abernathy`s signature.

	A tax receipt for the purchase of one gold watch by J.C. Ramsey in Knoxville, Tennessee. The cost of the watch was $200 dollars and and the tax on the watch was $2.00 dollars at a tax rate of five percent The local federal collector for the 2nd district of Tennessee is James T. Abernathy as noted in the embossed seal and by Abernathy`s signature.

	Praises Dr. Ramsey and expresses his bereavement since Crozier`s death. States that the Whig will, in the future, defend Rebels rather than attack them. Says that he would welcome articles by Dr. Ramsey.

	January 10th letter: Reveals his capture by the enemy at Bristol and his ignorance of what crimes he will be charged with. Reports that he has been hospitalized for his rheumatism and treated kindly by the Union surgeon. News that Margaret Jane and her children are well. Urges his parents not to worry unnecessarily about him. February 1st letter: (Written on back of January 10th letter which he is forwarding to his wife) Assures her that any just court will set Crozier free as he is innocent of any dishonorable deed. Expresses confidence that peace will soon come and that they will weolcom it in spite of the outcome.

	Explains what papers James Gettys McGready will need for the court session in Knoxville and that Lizzie must take the amnesty oath in order to recover her property. Discusses their securing a house in town in Knoxville for their future home. Relays an invitation from Uncle William`s daughter to Sue asking her to spend the summer in Nashville. Characterizes the change in Koxville concerning politics.

	Discusses activities of the state legislature and Lizzie`s and James Getty McGready`s coming to Knoxville for court session. Includes arrangements for them to stay with the McCracken`s. News that Margaret Jane was successful in selling Robert`s property.

	Doubts wisdom of Margaret Barton Crozier Ramsey`s returning to Tennessee but plans to accompany her if she decides to go. Informs Crozier that they live in comparative comfort in North Carolina and have Robert and Sue nearby. Fears that he may be arrested and sued for several reasons if he returns to Knoxville.

	J.G.M Ramsey authorizes his son, Crozier, to make a decision concerning Breakbill`s offer to buy the Mecklenburg property, telling him to try to get $5000 for it. He discusses Mecklenburg at length, its historic value, its sentimental meaning to the family, and its destruction during the war. He mentions his just and unjust debts. He describes Sue Ramsey`s recent wedding. He reports that he and his wife are unsure about their future plans but remaining in North Carolina seems to have more merit than returning to Knoxville. He refers briefly to other family members. Mecklenburg is the name of J.G.M. Ramsey`s property in east Tennessee which he abandoned due to his loyalty to the South in the Civil War.

	J.C. Ramsey describes the destruction caused by a disastrous flood in Knoxville and the damage done to his families` farms. He also says that Col. Ashley has been arrested for murder. The letter is to J. Crozier Ramsey`s sister, Mrs. E.A.R. Breck in Liberty, VA, in the care of their mother`s brother, J.H. Crozier.

	Edward Frost, president of the Blue Ridge Railroad writes from Charleston, South Carolina to J.G.M. Ramsey, at his home, Mecklenburg, near Knoxville, Tennessee. Frost is concerned with the railroad that is to connect East Tennessee to the coast. He remarks about the engaging of a civil engineer to survey the road and state legislation which will affect railroads.

	Mrs. M.B.C. Ramsey writes to her daughter, Mrs. E.A.R. Breck and relates the resignation of their pastor because he wished to preach to freed slaves and his congregation opposed this. She discusses the family`s plans to settle in Alabama and her expectations of their new home. She relays news from Uncle Arthur and his family, including his fears about Crozier`s remaining in Knoxville during Reconstruction and his family`s plans to return there. In the same letter, Mr. J.G.M Ramsey adds a note to their children, Margaret Jane, Lizzie, and Crozier. He reports that he has been suffering from rheumatism and expresses a wish that they could raise Henrietta`s two sons. He discusses the present low value of land and the future of politics in the country.

	This document lists materials and costs for the building of Knoxville`s first jail (at a total cost of $824.80). Dated May 9th, 1807, it is labeled "Long [amp] Booths Bill." The work includes such tasks and materials as "hanging dungeon grate," "fixing trap door in Garret," and "putting grates in window frames." The bottom of the first page bears the name "P Miller" in pencil. The recto page also has various calculations.

	Inventory of items paid to two Cherokee Indians in exchange for the return of ten horses stolen from the Creek Nation. In lieu of money, the payment was in goods, including a rifle, powder, buttons, thread, linen and silk cloth. The date of the original agreement was December 22, 1797. The receipt of the items was witnessed and signed by Francis B. Sappington and Edmund Crutcher, Indian Agents, on January 30, 1798.

	Order to buy material to make a white flag, to be used as an emblem of peace during the Conferencce with the Creek Indians at Tellico Blockhouse. alS 2P

	A Purchase order and listing of articles to be given to the Creek Indians at the conference to be held at the Tellico Blockhouse.

	Orders to David Henley, Agent for the War Department to to on the account of the United States specified articles of clothing for Redshoes, a Chickasaw Indian, and to repair a gun belonging to Opoia Mingo, a Chickasaw Chief.

	Chisholm`s letter lists the articles necessary to outfit the Choctaw Indians for their visit to the President of the United States. Williams letter mentions his acting as a guide to five Choctaw Indians and their interpreter betwween Nashville and Knoxville. Three horses were lost or stolen on the way.

	Blount is sending copies of Captain Chisolm`s list of articles necessary to equip a group of Choctaw and ChickasawIndians for their visit to the President, and Henley is to purchase these items on the Account of the United States.

	Blount tells Henley that James Kemp and three other Chickasaws should be boarded by Captain Chisholm until they can proceed on their trip to visit the President.

	Blount has written to Colonel Henley, Agent of the War Department to relay his orders given to Colonel James White, regarding the muster rolls.

	Statement that Bennet Searcy of Nashville will be the purchasing agent for Indian goods, and a request to furnish him with the proper forms. Additonal instructions are added in a note on the back of the letter.

	Announcement of a U.S. treaty made with the Cherokee Indians, known as the Holston Treaty. The treaty was made on July 2nd of 1791

	Blount requests his pay in advance for attending two treaty talks with the Indians in September and October.

	This is the second journal of three that Robertson wrote beginning in 1866. This journal covers the time period of September 1865 until June 1866. He describes travel on trains through Sweetwater, Athens, and Chattanooga. He also discusses his thoughts on abolitionism and describes fights at the train station in Chattanooga, giving insight into race relations at the time. Robertson devised a personal subject index located at the end of each journal.

	Among the subjects Robertson describes in this excerpt from his memoir are the condition of Army hospitals, the Home Guard, the conscription process, the Battle of Jonesborough, a prison in Knox County, the siege of Knoxville, conditions of travel, and the local culture of East Tennessee. He describes his experience of taking the Oath of Allegiance to the United States, including his emotions and motives of that decision. He also includes a poem in the journal. The entire memoir covers the time period from April 1862 until September 1865. Robertson devised a personal subject index located at the end of each journal.

	The Genius of Universal Emancipation is a periodical containing essays, letters, and poems from England and America denouncing slavery. A significant amount of the publications was written in Tennessee, where it was published. Much of the rhetoric uses Christianity and verses from the Christian Bible as an argument against slavery. It is one of the first abolitionist serials published in the United States.

	A Summons directing the Sheriff of Greene County to make John Wilkins appear before the Court in a garnishment matter from Daniel Kennedy, Court Clerk, Greene County, State of Franklin. Accompanying sheet of fees for legal actions taken, including this garnishment for the matter of Herman King v. John Wilkins.

	Administrator Bond that binds Richard Manning and Anne Clien "unto John Sevier, Esq. Governor and Commander in Chief for the time being of the State afresaid" to make "a true and perfect Inventory" regarding the estate of Andrew Clien in Greene County, State of Franklin.

	Writ by Daniel Kennedy, the Greene County Court Clerk in the State of Franklin to the Sheriff of Greene County that commands the Sheriff to take Samuel McFaren into custody and hold him until he could be brought in front of the Court in the matter of David Copland v. Samuel McFaren.

	Order from Daniel Kennedy, Clerk of Greene County in the State of Franklin to the Sheriff of Greene County that commands said Sheriff to require a citizen of Green County (Edward Sevetson?) to pay "Eighteen Shillings" to Thomas Williams.

	State of Franklin documents signed by Governor and Captain General John Sevier. Justice of the Peace commissions to Joseph Hardin, James Houston et al., Greene Co. Dated as "Ninth Year of American Independence."

	A Writ from the "State of Franklin" ordering the Sheriff of Greene County to arrest a person and hold that person for trial. Interestingly, the date at the bottom of the document reads "Eleventh Year of American Independence."

	An entry (No. 172) for the survey of 600 acres in Greene County.

	This is the famous letter written by Harry Burn`s mother to her son in the Tennesse state legislature in which she urges him to vote for women`s suffrage. At a special session of the Tennesse Congress, Tennessee became the 36th state to ratify the 19th Amendment in order for it to become law. Harry Burn cast the deciding vote, breaking a tie of 48 to 48.

	Southern Rights Ticket advocating Southern Democrats who had split from the regular Democratic party for office in the Confederacy. Jefferson Davis is listed as the only Presidential nominee for the Confederate states. William G. Swan is from East Tennessee and is running for Congress of the Confederacy.

	The Conquered Banner was written shortly after the Civil War and was extemely popular in the South and in the Catholic Church. It was nationally known and considered by many to be Abram`s finest work. The poem expreses Abram`s deep sorrow at the defeat of the Confederacy and is perhaps the most famous elegy ever written for the "Lost Cause" and its defenders. Father Abram served as a chaplain in the Confederate Army and was a priest in Clarksville, TN before coming to Knoxville, TN. The poem is thought to be written either in Clarksville or Knoxville, TN.

	This handwritten ordnance return report details stores received and issued by Captain John Goodall during service in the Mexican War. Supplies were issued to Col. Waterhouse in San Augustine, Capt. Whitty in Memphis, Tn, the general hospitals in Jalapa, Penote, Puebla and San Juan, Mexico. Among the supplies issued were muskets, screwdrivers, musket flints, infantry cartridge boxes, cartridge box belts, waist belts, gun slings, bayonettes and sword belts.

	In this letter, Aaron Burr asks General Andrew Jackson to take charge of his carriage, horses and driver during his absence on a trip south.

	The Rector of Murfreesboro Academy, Samuel P. Black, wrote this letter certifying James K. Polk`s attendance, good character and academic accomplishment during the nine months previous at the academy.

	Friendly letter written by Black Fox, Chief of the Cherokees, to John Sevier. In this letter, Black Fox states that his warriors were much pleased to hear John Sevier`s "good talk". Black Fox also states that he will make John Sevier`s letter known to the heads of the Creek Nation.

	Letter from Black Fox, Head Chief of the Cherokees, to John Sevier, Governor of the State of Tennessee, blaming the Creeks for killing people, killing cattle and stealing horses. Black Fox states that he feels his people will be blamed for this and he wants to tell John Sevier that the Creeks did these things. Black Fox also states that his people have lost much property because some of their hogs and cattle have been killed by the Creeks.

	The honorable discharge of Samuel Beard from the Tennessee Volunteers certifies that he served under Major General Andrew Jackson from September 26, 1813 until December 26, 1813. It states that he performed his duty faithfully as a good soldier. John Wallace was his captain, and the discharge is signed by Colonel E. Wallace.

	This document is the discharge of David Beard from volunteer military service in the Natchez country under Andrew Jackson. Beard served from December 10, 1812 until April 22, 1812. The document is signed by Major General Andrew Jackson.

	This land record dates from the early settlement days of Middle Tennessee, when the region was part of North Carolina. It describes the holding of John Donelson (misspelled in the document) as land lying between the Stones River and the Cumberland River, and known now as the Two Rivers, in what is now Davidson County, Tennessee. This is one of a series of almost 70 land records signed by Samuel Barton during the 1780s in Davidson County in the collection.

	This land record dates from the early settlement days of Middle Tennessee, when the region was part of North Carolina. It describes the holding as land lying on Mill Creek in what is now Davidson County, Tennessee. The document describes the proximity to the French Licks, as well as various springs on the property. This is one of a series of almost 70 land records signed by Samuel Barton during the 1780s in Davidson County in the collection.

	This land record dates from the early settlement days of Middle Tennessee, when the region was part of North Carolina. It describes the holding as land lying on Stuart`s Creek, a branch of the Stones River, in what is now Davidson County, Tennessee. The document describes the marking on a tree that identify the property. This is one of a series of almost 70 land records signed by Samuel Barton during the 1780s in Davidson County in the collection.

	This document dates from the early days of the settlement of Middle Tennessee. Mansker`s Station was an early settlement north of present-day Nashville. A committee decided to require every male above sixteen years of age to take an oath of fidelity to the government. This address gives a brief description of the rationale and the process the committee is expected to follow.

	This faded document is one of the earliest from the settlement of Middle Tennessee. Dated February 27, 1783, it was written when Nashville was still called Nashborough. It speaks of the necessity of forming a government and instituting laws, as they are in a "barbarous and cruel" place. The reverse side holds what appears to be a draft of a legal document to enforce financial obligations, to be used in the District of Cumberland, State of North Carolina.

	This document contains an accounting with notes of the provisions provided to the Tennessee Volunteers upon their return from the Creek Nation while they were at Fayetteville, Tennessee under the command of Brigadier General William Hall. It lists the number of men, the days included, the number of complete rations and extra provisions such as meat, flour, whiskey and salt. There is a section for remarks that lists the regiment of the Tennessee Volunteers with the name of their commander.

	Illustrated marriage license for Chas. E. Chapman and Sarah Mayo. William Craig is the current clerk of Knox County Court. The license was issued on June 29, 1864, and the couple was married on July 3, 1864.

	This indenture was made on July 18, 1792 and registered on April 17, 1793. James White sold a parcel of land to William Blount for twelve dollars. Charles McClung was clerk of the court at the time.

	This case is between A.E. Wilkins (plaintiff) vs. Margaret Wilkins and others (defendants) over the sale of seven slaves: Bob, Harry Sr., Hank, Eliza, Amanda, John and Harry Jr. These individuals were sold for a total price of $2470 U.S. dollars, with $700 dollars in Confederate notes. William Craig, Clerk of the Knox County Court signed the document on July 6, 1863.

	Isidor Beiler was a native of Romania under King Carlos II, to whom he swears that he no longer has allegiance. He came to the United States in 1887 and lived in Knoxville since that time.

	John Goff was a native of Russia who applied for citizenship through the Knox County Courts on March 24, 1892. He was born in February of 1851 and arrived in the United States on August 9, 1886. He testifies that he did not participate in "the late Rebellion."

	Augustus G.Bablay was born a citizen of Switzerland and applied for citizenship in the United States while a resident of Knox County. A. Buffat testified as a character witness for Mr Bablay. Throughout the documents, the spelling of Bablay`s name alternates between Bablay and Babelay.

	Divorce case between Bertha Scherf (plaintiff) and John Scherf (defendant). They had been married in north Georgia in September of 1880 and in 1888 were residents of Knox County.

	Gustave Adolf Louis Dihrberg was a former citizen of Prussia who became a citizen of the United States in 1886 when he was a resident of Knox County, Tennessee.

	These loose pages are some of Tennessee`s earliest court cases taken from an official minute book.

	Joseph Carter has brought a case against James Miller for trespassing on his land.

	In this letter the writer, Charles Coffin`s brother, discusses the possible dissolution of the Union, American politics, African-Americans and a possible Civil War. he also brings Napolean and the European nations, Peter the Czar, and representative government into the discussion. Towards the end of the letter he writes news of family and friends.

	In this letter the writer discusses the Wiondot Indians in the Lake Erie region, missionary schools, the Cherokee Indians, Columbia College, and the land grant for Tennessee universities. The writer inquires of the society and politics where Charles lives in Tennessee. The letter`s opening address is "Dear Child", but the letter is not signed. It appears to be from Newbury, Massachusetts. (though the stamp says Newbury, MS).

	This is a poem about Greenville College, which Coffin helped found in 1794 and is the oldest college in Tennessee. Greenville College became Tusculum College after a merger between the two schools. Reverend Charles Coffin was President of Greenville College from 1810 until 1827.

	A certification from the Knox County Courts for T.L. Williams to practice law. The certificate states that as he is twenty-one years old, is a citizen of Knox County, and "of good reputation" that the courts will order him to be certified.

	In this letter to his son, Charles Coffin discusses family matters, the legalizing of Thanksgiving Day, and religion. He inquires of Cornelius if he`s heard anything about secession during his recent trip to South Carolina and comments on the current political scene. Charles also asks how the market in Charleston compares to the "purchasing opportunities" in New York.

	Order to purchase and deliver whiskey and traps to Little Turkey.

	Chisholm is hired to go into the Creek and Chickasaw Indian Nations to arrange for the return of prisoners and stolen horses and to restore peace between the two nations.

	An order to buy two beaver traps for the Cherokee Indian Chief Little Turkey.

	An order to buy a gun or pistol to replace a pistol that was stolen at the conference of Ocunnee in October, 1794 from Double Head, a Cherokee Indian.

	This is an approved claim filed by Hardeman County, Tennessee, citizens after the Civil War for damages caused by the Confederate Army. The document includes an inventory of the damages. The Confederate Army is referred to in the document as the Rebel Army. The Civil War is identified as the Rebellion. The claim had to include witnesses who could vouch that the claimant had never given "aid, comfort, countenance, or encouragement" to the rebellion.

	This is a rejected claim filed by Hardeman County, Tennessee, citizens after the Civil War for damages caused by the Confederate Army. The document includes an inventory of the damages. The Confederate Army is referred to in the document as the Rebel Army. The Civil War is identified as the Rebellion. The claim had to include witnesses who could vouch that the claimant had never given "aid, comfort, countenance, or encouragement" to the rebellion.

	This is a claim filed by Hardeman County, Tennessee, citizens after the Civil War for damages caused by the Confederate Army. The document includes an inventory of the damages. The Confederate Army is referred to in the document as the Rebel Army. The Civil War is identified as the Rebellion. The claim had to include witnesses who could vouch that the claimant had never given "aid, comfort, countenance, or encouragement" to the rebellion.

	This is a claim filed by Hardeman County, Tennessee, citizens after the Civil War for damages caused by the Confederate Army. The document includes an inventory of the damages. The Confederate Army is referred to in the document as the Rebel Army. The Civil War is identified as the Rebellion. The claim had to include witnesses who could vouch that the claimant had never given "aid, comfort, countenance, or encouragement" to the rebellion. This particular claim was rejected.

	These are claims filed by Hardeman County, Tennessee, citizens after the Civil War for damages caused by the Confederate Army. The document includes an inventory of the damages. The Confederate Army is referred to in the document as the Rebel Army. The Civil War is identified as the Rebellion. The claim had to include witnesses who could vouch that the claimant had never given "aid, comfort, countenance, or encouragement" to the rebellion.

	Claims filed by Hardeman County, Tennessee, citizens after the Civil War for damages caused by the Confederate Army. The document includes an inventory of the damages. The Confederate Army is referred to in the document as the Rebel Army. The Civil War is identified as the Rebellion. The claim had to include witnesses who could vouch that the claimant had never given "aid, comfort, countenance, or encouragement" to the rebellion.

	Rebel Claims filed by Tennessee citizens after the end of the Civil War. If approved, they received compensation for supplies taken by armies during the way.

	Rebel Claims form filed by Tennessee Citizens after the end of the Civil War. If approved, they received compensation for supplies taken by armies during the war.

	Rebel Claims form filed by Tennessee citizens after the end of the Civil War. If approved, they received compensation for supplies taken by armies during the war.

	Rebel Claims form filed by Tennessee citizens after the end of the Civil War. If approved, applicants received compensation for supplies taken by armies during the war.

	Rebel Claims form filed by Tennessee citizens after the end of the civil war. If approved, they received compensation for supplies taken by armies during the war.

	Rebel Claims form filed by Tennessee citizens after the end of the Civil War. If approved, they received compensation for supplies taken during the war.

	Rebel Claims form filed by Tennessee citizens after the ed of the Civil War. If approved, they received compensation for supplies taken by armies during the war.

	Rebel Claims form filed by Tennessee citizens after the end of the civil war. If approved, they received compensation for the supplies taken by armies during the war.

	Rebel Claims forms filed by Tennessee citizens after the end of the Civil War. If approved, they received compensation for supplies taken by armies during the war.

	Rebel Claim form filed by Tennessee citizens after the end of the Civil War. If approved, they received compensation for supplies taken by armies during the war.

	This minute book contains the minutes from a Methodist church in Bolivar, Tennessee, which lists the names of its "coloured members".

	1862 entries from the diary of John Nick Barker. Describes the weather for every day, and notes important political and military events, as well as local ocurrences.

	This is a petition filed with the Circuit Court of Benton County, Tennessee from John Ferris Naifeh, an Egypian native, asking for United States residence.

	This is a petition for the right to sell certain slaves.

	A dairy by Sgt. Bill Freeman, of Weakley County, Tennessee, detailing his experience of the Battle of Normandy.

	A slave kills his master and covers the crime by burning the barn with his master in it. It is the first recorded instance where a slave was given a trial (as opposed to immediate hanging) and other slaves were allowed to testify on his behalf.

	Murder case that upon appeal to the state supreme court established self-defense as a legal writ. It`s believed to be the origin of "self-defense" used in the legal system throughout the country today.

	Newspaper advertisement by Andrew Jackson posting a $50 reward for the capture of a runaway slave who escaped June 25th. Notes that he "talks sensible" and will try to pass as a free man. Jackson willing to pay $10 extra for every hunderd lashes up to three hundred.

	Jackson`s commission as one of the Judges of the Superior Courts of Law and Equity for the state of Tennessee from Dec. 22, 1798 signed by John Sevier.

	Jackson`s law license from the North Carolina Superior Court of Law and Equity issued September 26, 1787 signed by Same Ashe and J.W. Williams. States that Jackson, who is in Rowan County, is applying to plead and practice in several county courts and has been recommended as a person of "unblemished moral character." States that Jackson has been examined and found to have sufficent knowledge of the law. Contains center watermark.

	Bill that lists prices for several household improvements for Andrew J. Donelson`s home, Tulip Grove.

	Court records including arrest warrants, remanding the prisoners to Maury County jail for trial, trial transcipt with testimonies of defendants and witnesses, as well as the indictments of John Campbell and Thomas Duff, who were accused of stealing the saddlebags of one "Cheekesaw Indian" whose name appears as both "Turk Tomby" or "Tuscombea."

	Court records from Hickman county, Vernon, Tennessee that includes the arrest warrant, remanding one Isaac Schall into the Hickman County Sheriff`s custody, transcript from the Hickman County proceedings, and an order to transfer case to the Maury County Circuit Court.

	A written statement by Felix Grundy regarding his past involvement with the Executors of the Estate of William Hamilton. Mr. Grundy stated that he represented the Executors of said estate in their defense against a suit that argued the Executors did not "execute the will faithfully," and in response, the Executors declared that they had "carried the will into execution" and disposed of the deceased property in accordance with the will.

	A summons issued by the Maury County Circuit Court Clerk, Horatio Depriest, which compels Samuel H. Williams and Philip Mease to appear in said court on the third Monday in October, 1815 to testify on behalf of the defendant, John Givin.

	A written prayer/confession dated June 30, 1849, by Osborn Goad in Maury County, Tennessee to "the church at Knob creek when in cession [sic]." In the beginning, Goad confesses to using harsh language, making false statements about others, and towards the end, Goad allows that he will be "governed" by the church, wishes for spring to come and ends by asking for a blessing for the church.

	This document is a bill which shows the cost of keeping Henry Trent in the Maury County jail from November 4, 1834 until May 5, 1835. For this period of 182 days, at 37 1/2 cents per day, the cost was $69.25 - $68.25 + $1.00 for the turnkey.

	A list of items and amounts purchased from the Taylor and Company General Merchandise store in Taylor`s Chapel, Tennessee. The items include meat, sugar, and writing tablets.

	A president of Memphis Conference Female Institute in Jackson, Tennessee, from 1853-1878, and 1880-1892. His diary covered the dates June 16th, 1872, to October 25th, 1875. This is an excerpt including the start of the diary and pages from September, 1872.

	Ann Eliza King of North Carolina wrote to her cousin James M. King of Davidson County, Tennessee encouraging him in his quest to find a wife. He apparently had lost his first choice, but planned to continue to search for a suitable wife. She expressed her joy at the news, noting that their family had enough bachelors in it already. She has kept her eye out for a likely candidate for him in her area, but noted that none of the girls she saw at church would suit him. She wrote of some relatives who have died, noting that "our loss is there ineffable gain, they are in the bosome of their father and their God." Towards the end of the letter, she responded to a comment of his that his journey home was long and lonesome, expressing the hope that his next journey would be shortened by the company of a "lovely and affectionate wife."

	A letter reminiscing about life in Denmark, Tennessee prior to the Civil War. The town of Denmark, close to Jackson, was passed up by a railroad and shrank in size until it was eventually unincorporated in the late 20th century.

	A military pass ticket issued to a woman and her two daughters. The ticket was issued by the order of Major General C.C. Washburn, from the Headquarters District of West Tennessee in Memphis.

	Oath of Allegiance signed by a Confederate soldier after the Civil War. By signing the oath, the soldier swears to denounce the Confederate States of America and give his loyalty to the United States instead. The oath was sworn in Jackson, in the office of the Provost Marshal.

	A letter written and signed by President Abraham Lincoln, dated October 15, 1864. In the letter, Lincoln entitles its bearer, the Honorable Leonard Sweti of Illinois, to receive cooperation from Army and Navy officers. The signature of Rear Admiral Samuel Phillips Lee also appears.

	A card written by President Abraham Lincoln, dated November 24, 1862 and addressed to F.S. Ewing in Chicago. In the card, Lincoln writes, "I expect a general order will soon be issued by which your friend will be released."

	George W. Miller, a soldier in the Union Army, kept a diary of the Civil War from February 1862 to December 1863. The diary begins with a description of the Battle of Fort Henry. It then records the soldiers` march through McMinnville, TN and Louisville, KY. The diary ends with a description of the Battle of Stones River in Murfreesboro.

	Took a horse valued at $150 about Dec 18. 1863 for use in Sherman`s Army on march from Memphis to Chattanooga.

	3 pages. Five-year-old boy apprenticed to Thomas White, with witness signatures. One paper says he`s an orphan, but the other has father listed.

	Last Will and Testment of George Gee, a freeman of color.

	Encapsulated for 300 acres. Registered in office of deeds, 2 March 1833.

	Encapsulated for 200 acres.

	7 pages, lighter cream parchment color than the scan shows, encapsulated.

	Note-Folder is labeled James Viverett vs. George Smith.

	Hand-drawn map and textual description of old road from Lebanon to Nashville. Named individuals in creator field are all signers of the document.

	From Nashville, Tennessee, the barbecue was held to promote the highway coming through Robertson County.

	Mrs. Ellis claims that her husband repeatedly visited a house of ill repute, had verbally abused her, and forced her to leave their home and go to the home of her grandfather. Further documents include injunctions forbidding John M. Ellis from moving.

	Sam was supposed to have been freed and given the use of the farm, equipment, and livestock for his natural life, but was not honored by Hamilton heirs. A white man who is identified as a "next friend" Alfred is also involved.

	Bill of Mrs. Arch Mayes for the Watauga Sanitarium, Ridgetop, Tennessee, functional from 1913-1941, Ridgetop, Tennessee has original photos. Bill is for x-ray, quartz lamp and electric current for a total of $9.00.

	Dates range from March 17, 1901 through June 6, 1901. Accounts by county payments for care of smallpox victims in 1901; notes payments to doctors, the money spent on clothing for survivors upon dismissal, since all of their clothing had been turned, payments for grave digging wagon usage. Images include binding in which receipts were kept.

	Receipt to Dr. F.W. Woodard for " 1 gallon of whiskey for medicinal purpose," proprietors of Cave Spring Distillery, Distillers and Wholesalers of Pure Hard Made Sour Mash Whiskey," the 2nd largest distillery in Robertson County

	4 pages of newspaper; has article about, Night Riders; tobacco farmers organization meetings, first telephone company. "A home paper devoted to the interest of Robertson County and the Democratic Party."

	Registered in April 1860, note the exclusion of spirituous liquors, Gooch owned several hundred acres and made this provision with every parcel of land that he sold.

	Plans for an addition to Green Brier, scale is 165ft to the inch. Located in Deed Book 22, page 160.

	This indenture agreement details the sale of 60,400 acres by John Love of Greene County, Tennessee to Moses Fisk of Overton County, Tennessee. The land was originally purchased by Love from Stockely Donelson in 1795. The indenture describes the land tracts involved in the sale. The document was registered and examined in Greene County, Tennessee on March 4, 1833 and in Jackson County on April 2, 1833. John M. Gipson, the Register of Jackson County, Tennessee, officially registered the document on March 8, 1855.

	A map of the pupil distribution of Jackson County, Tennessee, from 1935-1936. The left hand side has a list of county officers; the upper right hand corner provides details of area, population, percent white and colored, and assessed value of property, both real and personal. The map is divided into units, with the letter N besides a school denoting a "Negro school."

	A letter written by B.W. McDonald in Lebanon, TN, addressed to Judge Austin Miller in Bolivar, TN. In the letter, McDonald solicits Miller`s help in opening the new Cumberland University in Lebanon, TN.

	A handwritten history of Tennessee written by Judge Austin Miller of Bolivar, TN. Miller lists the different cities that were used as state capital before Nashville and describes the Capitol Building in Nashville. Miller then documents the key persons and events that shaped the state, with a timeline that begins in 1540 and continues until 1888.

	Records of a case which Joseph Hamilton, guardian of the heirs of Benjamin Davis, brought against Dudley Talley, administrator of the estate of Joseph Talley. Joseph Talley had sworn to pay the guardian of Davis` heirs $19.03. Jefferson County Justice of the Peace W.S. Reece issued a warrant ordering that Dudley Talley, Joseph Talley`s executor, answer Hamilton in a plea of debt.

	Two warrants order any sworn officer of Jefferson County, TN to summon Isaac Crider to appear before a Justice of the Peace. Justice Thos. Snoddy issued and signed the first warrant. Crider had written a note in 1825 promising to pay Nicholas Coffman for services rendered. Crider was summoned in 1827 to answer two pleas of debt to Coffman, the first plea amounting to less than $30 and the second to less than $10.

	A letter from Union soldier Melville C. Zener in Winchester, TN, to his parents and siblings in Indiana, dated July 31, 1863. Zener describes the battle in Shelbyville, TN at Skull Camp Bridge, where 200 "sesesh" (Confederate soldiers) were drowned in the Duck River and 900 prisoners were captured. Zener requests that his family send him more paper, and promises to send home money and a present for his mother.

	A tippling bond in which J.S. Menofee, James Cook, and Joseph Lamb state that they are bound unto the state of Tennessee in the sum of $500. The condition of this obligation is that Menofee has taken out a license to sell alcohol in Sparta, TN. Menofee agrees to run a peaceable "tippling house" and to appear before the court in one year to report on the business. Clerk G. G. Dibrell wrote and signed the document as a witness. The signatures and seals of Menofee, Cook, and Lamb also appear.

	A "tippling license bond" sent from James Cook in White County, TN, to Aaron V. Brown, Esq. Governor. The bond states that Cook and Ada Lawler are bound unto the state of Tennessee for the sum of $500. The condition of this obligation is that Cook has taken out a license to run a tippling house in Sparta, TN. Cook agrees to run the tippling house for one year, then appear before the court and report on the business. Clerk William Little`s signature appears on the document.

	A list of the number of children in White County, TN, District No. 7 in the year 1857, who are over six and under twenty-one years of age. The list includes fifty seven family names, among them E. Pennington, Jefferson Spears, and Lewis Howell. The number of children in those different families ranges from one to seven. The signatures of Z. Hitchcock, James W. Rhea, and John T. Duncan appear on the list.

	A list of the heads of families and number of school-age children in district No. 8, White County, Tennessee, in 1857. The list includes the names of 60 families, including David S. England, Charles Lowry, and William Matlock. The number of children eligible for school in those families ranges from one to eight. Commissioners A. Oliver, W.W. Green, and A.M. Goodwin compiled and signed the list.

	A court order issued by Jacob A. Lane, Clerk of White County Court, through his Deputy A. Blane. The order instructs Sheriff M. Fisk to bring in the orphans Catharine, John, Elizabeth and Hannah Shoemaker, who are "in a state of suffering," to be "dealt by as the court may think fit." There is a note on the back in which Fisk replies that the children were not found.

	An indenture in which Josiah Williams and Richard Mandel are bound unto the state of Tennessee for $500. A condition of the agreement is that an orphan boy named William Walker, age 11, will work for Williams until the age of 21. During that time, Williams agrees to pay for Walker`s expenses and provide him an education. J. A. Pettit signed the document as a witness. A United States stamp appears in the lower left corner.

	A "bastardy bond" in which James D. Mason of White County, TN agrees to pay $500 in support of a bastard child he fathered with a woman named Harriet Weaver. Mason states that the child will not become chargable to White County. He signed the document, as did Richard Simpson and clerk G.G. Dibrell. The bond was approved by David Snodgrass.

	Records of a case brought against David England by Mary Jane Lackens. A warrant from Jesse M. Sullivan, Justice of the Peace, orders the sheriff to bring England in on the charge of bastardy for fathering an illegitimate child with Lackens. England paid $90 to Lackens for support of the child and asserted that the child would not become a county charge. Lackens attested that England paid the $90 for support and signed it with her mark.

	A photograph of strawberry pickers in East Tennessee. Handwriting on the back of the photograph records the yearly income from the sale of strawberries and cabbage.

	A petition to the County Court of Rhea County regarding the public roads. The petition accuses the court of trying to destroy a useful public road and requests an examination of the road to assess its value. Several citizens of Rhea County signed the petition.

	A petition requesting that a new road be built and a ferry constructed to cross the Tennessee River at Hastings in Rhea County. After crossing the river, the road would continue into McMinn County and from there go into Bledsoe County. 104 citizens of Rhea County signed the petition.

	A letter from W.J. Isaacson in Cincinnati, Ohio to the Dayton Coal and Iron Company in Dayton, TN. Isaacson discusses finances, the weight loads of railroad cars, and the shipping rate of coal and coke from Daisy, TN. He also discusses advertising opportunities in Chattanooga and the purchase of railroad cars from a man in Knoxville.

	A letter from Samuel H. Whitaker in Cincinnati, Ohio, to W.J. Isaacson, Esq., in Dayton, TN. Whitaker instructs Isaacson to ship iron to various customers, including the Stoddard Manufacturing Company and the Gem City Stove Company in Dayton, Ohio.

	A letter from W.J. Isaacson in Cincinnati, Ohio, to the Dayton Coal and Iron Co. in Dayton, TN. Isaacson addresses the weights of railway car loads, the company`s formal order book, and the sale of mill iron in Chattanooga.

	A letter from W.J. Isaacson in Cincinnati, Ohio, to the Dayton Coal and Iron Co. in Dayton, TN. In the letter, Isaacson discusses various business issues, including freight rates, coke shipments, and finances.

	A letter from W.J. Isaacson in Cincinnati, Ohio to the Dayton Coal and Iron Co. in Dayton, TN. In the letter, Isaacson discusses railroads, shipments of mill iron, and buying cheap coke from "Soddy" and Daisy" (now known as Soddy-Daisy, TN). He also inquires about the progress of the company`s furnace.

	A letter from A.O. Fisher in Knoxville, TN, to Thomas Crutchfield in Hamilton County, TN. Fisher wrote the letter while a student at East Tennessee University. In the letter, he discusses "Burning Time" at the University and the plastering of different buildings on campus. Fisher tells Crutchfield that he is in need of money.

	An indenture between a man from Monroe County, TN, and James Calthorp of Carroll County, GA. This bill of sale grants Calthorp a slave woman for life and guarantees her health, in exchange for three hundred dollars.

	A complaint by a slave named Hannah against Patrick McClung and James Houston. Hannah and her children, Elias, Charles, Mary, Martha and Rhoda, were slaves of William McClung, deceased. In his will, McClung freed his slaves to go to Africa. Hannah accuses the executors if the will, Patrick McClung and James Houston, of refusing to comply with its conditions.

	Indenture between William Blair of Monroe County, TN and John Rosin of Blount County, TN. In the deed, Blair transfers over one hundred acres of his property to Rosin, who bought the land from Blair for the sum of three hundred dollars. The land had originally been owned by a man named John Miller.

	A letter from B.H. Martin in Calhoun, TN to James A. Coffin, Esquire, in Madisonville, TN. Martin inquires how much money is left on the balance that he owes to Coffin for his services. In a postscript, Martin mentions that he is writing on "rebble paper," which was scrap paper that Confederate soldiers (rebels) used in the absence of formal writing paper.

	A bill of complaint made by John W. Ghee, citizen of Monroe County. The complaint opposes the formation of a new county (Jones) from portions of Monroe and Blount Counties. Arthur H. Henley, Andrew Cowan, John P. Hardin, and Joseph Sullivan were appointed to set Jones County`s boundaries. Ghee accuses them of not conducting proper surveys and of holding illegal elections. They defend themselves in a response to Ghee`s complaint.

	This pamphlet presents the results of an investigation into a race-related incident that happened in Columbian, Tennessee on February 25, 1946 by the Southern Conference for Human Welfare. The incident reportedly involved the arrest and abuse by police officials of approximately 100 African-Americans who prevented the lynching of a young African-American Navy veteran.

	A pamphlet describing the formation of the NAACP. It contains a reprint of an article written by Mary White Ovington in 1914. There is no publication date on the pamphlet.

	This letter describes the events that lead to saving the Lorraine Motel, site of Dr. King`s assassination, from destruction. It also provides capsule descriptions of many individuals contributions to the civil rights struggle in Memphis, as remembered by Lee Branch. Mr. Branch was on the Board of Directors of the National Civil Rights Museum.

	Sketches from Frank Leslie`s Illustrated Newspaper. The top sketch is of the mayor of Memphis presenting the keys of the city to King Carnival`s Premier. The bottom sketch is of the Peabody House.

	A report compiled to document the history and activities of the Civilian Defense Program in Tennessee during World War II. Box 5, Folder 8

	A United States Government produced pamphlet that explains Nazi attrocities in Poland during World War II using narrative explanations and stark illustrations. Box 5, Folder7

	A recipe book from the Royal Baking Powder Company that offers recipes designed to work with the food shortages and rationing of WWI. Box 5, Folder 2

	A booklet produced by Pontaic that provides tips to "ladies" who are responsible for cars during WWII. The booklet describes how "car wardens" can comply with the war time rationing of gas and oil. This booklet was mailed as a promotional item from Douthit Sanchez Company of Memphis, Tennessee, to a Mrs. Brown of Memphis. Box 5, Folder 1

	A tiny pamphlet created to inform citizens of WWII conservation strategies. Civilian Defense Councils were part of the governments attempts to include citizens in the war effort. Box 5, Folder 1

	100 Illustrations with descriptive notes and a biographical sketch. The artistic drawings of political cartoonists Louis Raemaeker, both critical and celebratory of the United States are included. Criticism includes those against militarism, injustices against immigrants, and other social ills in the first part of the 20th century.

	A letter from a citizen asking Crump to extend the money coming from the Civil Works Administration to Memphis.

	A newsletter containing career advice and information about classes offered at the Memphis College of Vocational Training.

	Crump`s reply to the Friends of Prohibition`s request that he oppose repealing the 18th amendment.

	A Friends of Prohibition group telegram asking Crump to oppose repeal of the 18th amendment.

	An editorial stating that the repeal of prohibition could embolden Communists.

	A press release stating the reasons that Anheuser-Busch, Inc. supports the end of prohibition.

	A letter from an anti-prohibition Republican, refers to "the American Nation the Greatest Nation of Hypocrites under the sun."

	A member registration card for an anti-prohibition organization.

	A telegram informing the Methodist Ministers Association that a vote to repeal the eighteenth amendment failed, even though Crump voted for it.

	A telegram asking Congressman Crump to vote against the repeal of the 18th amendment.

	A letter urging Congressman Crump to vote against the repeal of prohibition.

	An anti-prohibition letter sent to all United States Senators and Congressmen.

	A letter discussing Democratic Party plans to modify the Volstead Act.

	A letter to Crump which attacks the Anti-Saloon League.

	Reprint of a speech given to the Nashville Branch of the Women`s Organization for National Prohibition Reform.

	A flyer that outlines the components of the "Old Age Compensation Act," a piece of legislation being pushed by the National Old Age Pension Association.

	Judge J. S. Lehman produced these petitions to gather support for legislation that would pay dependent citizens over the age of 60 a pension of $1 per day.

	Letter from the State Agriculture Commissioner asking for Congressman Crump to support the conclusions of the Muscle Shoals Commission.

	The history of Muscle Shoals in words and pictures.

	A "to do" list for Mayor Crump. Consists of one typed and three hand written pages. Two pages are reproduced here.

	A letter expressing the league`s displeasure at Mayor Crump for not shutting down saloons in Memphis.

	A letter to Mayor Crump advocating a prohibition on liquor sales to negros in Memphis.

	A letter from the Memphis City Attorney to Mayor Crump discussing the legality and feasibility of prohibiting liquor sales to negros.

	A letter complaining about "negro dives" and asking Mayor Crump for support of tougher prohibition legislation.

	A letter from the local union protesting the plan to build a negro park near Overton Park, which was used by whites.

	Crump responds to an inquiry about prohibtion in Tennessee from an Oregon political association. Crump writes that prohibition "is a total failure in large cities of Tennessee."

	A message asking for Crump`s opinion of prohibition in Tennessee. The matter was then being debated in Oregon.

	A letter from the local YMCA complaining about the recent opening of several saloons in the area.

	An FBI "Wanted" poster for James Earl Ray issued after the assassination of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.. It displays 3 photos of Ray along with a physical description and notes on his criminal record. The poster is signed by the Director of the FBI, J. Edgar Hoover.

	For the time period indicated, this report from the Memphis branch of the NAACP details civil rights issues and progress in the following areas: voting, education, police brutality, housing, administration of justice, employment, and the desegregation of public facilities.

	Details civil rights progress in the areas of voting, education, police brutality, housing, administration of justice, employment, and public facilities.

	This report discusses the success of the downtown Memphis boycott. As a result, the boycott is called off.

	This report details the effect the sit-ins are having on businesses in downtown Memphis.

	This NAACP report details the Freedom Marches and sit-ins in Memphis during the week. It also lists letters written in protest of racially motivated harassment.

	These pages list businesses in Memphis that had agreed to desegregate as a result of negotiations with the NAACP. There are hand written notes on the pages.

	For the time period indicated, this report details civil rights issues and progress in the areas of voting, education, police brutality, housing, administration of justice, employment, and the desegregation of public facilities.

	The plan of organization and provisions of the charter for the Ruskin Co-Operative Association. Notes that the Ruskin Co-Operative Association is organized under the mining and manufacturing laws of the state of Tennessee.

	The collection features a stereograph of several men mining for phosphates near Columbia, Tennessee that is undated. On the reverse side is the title of the image, the latitude and longitude of the site, a brief explanation of crop rotation and fertilization as methods of dealing with farming problems, and a description of phosphates.

	A mounted image of William Bowen Campbell. The verso contains a brief biographical sketch of the Congressman, including his service in the Seminole and Mexican wars and his stint as Governor of Tennessee.

	Certificate proving Rollie Johnson`s membership in the Ex-Slave Bounty and Pension Association. The association is working to promote the passage of the Ex-Slave Bounty and Pension Bill in the U.S. Senate.

	Tennessee governor Austin Peay appoints Mary E. Barker to the 50th Anniversary Conference of the American Library Association. The conference was held October 4th - 9th, 1926 in Atlantic City, New Jersey and in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

	This county-issued broadside informs citizens of Sevier County, Tennessee ways to stop the spread of influenza. The broadside notes that the flu "is now sweeping over the United States and claiming its hundreds by such complications as pneumonia" and that "it has at least reached out county."

	Letter dated September 11, 1900 from Morgan Fitzpatrick of the State Democratic Executive Committee in Nashville, Tennessee to Hon. James B. Frazier in Chattanooga, Tennessee that states that while Frazier may be qualified to run for Elector, Frazier should refer to the eclosed "Qualifications of an Elector" to make sure.

	Letter dated December 8, 1908 to James B. Frazier in Washington D.C. from John M. Brooks, Mayor of Knoxville Tennessee asking Senator Frazier to use his influence "in securing the permission of the Government" to finish a dam project "for the purpose of producing and transmitting electrical currents for the use of our people." No specific name was given to the dam in question, but may refer to Douglas Dam.

	60th Congress, First session, House of Representatives bill number 18120 "To establish a naval station at Pearl Harbor, Hawaii" introduced by Representative Arthur L. Bates. The bill is accompanied by a House of Representatives Report on the same subject that includes a world map indicating that Pearl Harbor is "The Crossroads of the Pacific."

	Letter from Representative Arthur L. Bates (PA) to James B. Frazier dated March 12, 1908 regarding "the proposed naval base at Pearl Harbor, Hawaii" that encloses the H.R. bill 18120 and accompanying H.R. report on the subject.

	Taft responds to Frazier`s letter which included a request by J.H. McDowell of Union City, Tennessee that confederate veterans from Tennessee be recognized by the government at the Jamestown Exposition.

	Rossiler, acting director of the Department of Commerce and Labor Bureau of the Census, writes to Frazier in response to his request for information. Rossiler relates that he has information only on the percent of illiterate negroes and does not have information on the amount of property owned by negroes or the criminality among negroes in the southern states compared to the northern states.

	Includes letter from H.A. Cole to James B. Frazier on the Isle of Pines issue. America has questioned whether the Isle of Pines is owned by the United States or Cuba and which government has lawful control. Also included is a sheet detailing facts of the Isle of Pines and a printing of a letter from Charles Reynard, President of the American Club of the Isle of Pines, to Secretary of State Elihu Root in response to his letter.

	Charles, editor of The Germania Press, writes to ask Frazier to review an enclosed pamphlet which describes a proposition for a Reciprocity agreement between Germany and the United States. Pamphlet details the history of Reciprocity agreements in the United States and details reasons for establishing one with Germany.

	A statement of the platform of the Democratic Party in Tennessee, restating principles found the Declaration of Independence. It includes criticism of the Republican Party on general principles and relating specific bills. The declaration condemns monopolies and tariffs, and supports the global struggle for liberty.

	This is a follow-up letter from E.L. McClain in Greenfield, Ohio to Louis M. Coleman in Chattanooga, Tennessee further explaining his reasoning for choosing not to purchase his mill and relocate to Tennessee. This decision, in large part, was in response to strict child labor laws in Tennessee. There was a state-wide 14-year-old age limit law at the time.

	A letter from businessman E.L. McClain to a Louis M. Coleman, who runs a cotton mill in Chattanooga, Tennessee, explaining that he cannot afford to purchase the mill because of the strict child labor laws in the state of Tennessee. At the time there was a 14-year-old age limit law.

	The Nashville Board of Trade is writing Frazier to inform him that they are in support of his bill to build a boulevard from Nashville to the National Cemetery outside Nashville, Tennessee. Describes the committee that is going to Washington, D.C. to meet with the House Committee on Military Affairs to discuss the bill and the data they have collected. Includes a newspaper clipping from the American about the upcoming hearing.

	Discusses a Senate document related to friars in the Phillipines that Winton desires a copy of for his study of Roman Catholicism. Winton believes that he cannot receive a copy from Frazier because the document may be suppressed by Roman Catholic authorities. Also discusses a Senate bill affecting Indians that Winton would like Frazier to pay special attention to because he has been in communication with the Indian Rights Association. Includes reply by Frazier stating that the requested document has not been suppressed and he secured a copy for Winton.

	Bradford presents a resolution in the Senate of Tennessee resolving that the state of Tennessee was in support of the preservation of the Federal Union and against secession.

	"The Memphis Blues of Mister Crump" song lyrics by William C. Handy and George A. Norton are signed by Handy and dated January 1, 1942 from New York City, New York.

	Resolution by the Tennessee Great Smoky Mountain Park Commission to solicit Congress in 1983 to designate and protect wilderness areas.

	Details the difficulties had in passing a Wilderness Bill that would be a combined bill for North Carolina and Tennessee protecting wilderness areas within the Great Smoky Mountains National Park.

	Joint resolution between the Tennessee Great Smoky Mountain Park Commission and the North Carolina National Park, Parkway, and Forests Development Council to acquire the Cities Service tracts of land.

	Minutes for the Tennessee Great Smoky Mountain Park Commission from the October 5, 1984 meeting at Great Smoky Mountains National Park Headquarters in Gatlinburg, Tennessee. Details fiftieth anniversary activities and the status of Inadu Knob where a United States Air Force plane crashed.

	Press release entitled "Park Commission Chairman argues Helms". Neil F. Murphy, Chairman of the Tennessee Great Smoky Mountain Park Commission, criticizes the position of Senator Jesse Helms of North Carolina regarding the Smokies Wilderness Bill.

	This document describes the activities and outcomes of a "Worker`s Education Rally" held in LaFollette, Tennessee from May 29th through July 5th, 1937. It was sponsored by the Shirtworkers Local 95 Amalgamated Clothing Workers of America and directed by Highlander Folk School.

	Reports on visit made to Fayette and Haywood counties, Tennessee on January 3-5, 1961. Describes race relations situation between the Negro and white populations and details the needs of the displaced Negroes in the area.

	Informational brochure for Operation Freedom, which is a civil right organization. Also advertises a long-play record documenting the events when Negroes registered to vote in Fayette and Haywood counties, Tennessee.

	Report details visits by Hortenstine, a Quaker, with eight ministers in Fayette and Haywood counties, Tennessee from July 1-3, 1961. Description of the conversations which pertain to race relations between the Negroes and the white people of those counties.

	Newsletter reporting on June, late Summer and Spring workcamp activities in Fayette and Haywood counties for the Fayette County Workcamps Project. Also provides excerpts from letters about the Fayette County Workcamps Project and news and concerns about the project.

	Report on the activities of a workcamp in Haywood County, TN where local Negroes and northern white college students are working to construct a community center. Details organizations and colleges that are participating in and sponsoring the Fayette County Workcamps Project. Also reports on two northern men who are to be put on trial for a sit-in at a drug store in Somerville, TN.

	Details contemplated social sciences research projects to be carried on at the University of Tennessee that could be funded by the Federal Civil Works Administration.

	Application for approval by the Federal Civil Works Administration of a social sciences research project to be carried on at the University of Tennessee. Proposed project involves collecting sociological and economic data in the Tennessee Valley area to be used to develop a program of improvement.

	Application for approval by the Federal Civil Works Administration of a social sciences research project to be carried on at the University of Tennessee Library. Proposed project involves collecting, listing, and preservation of materials relating to the the Tennessee Valley Area.

	Description of Social Science research projects being carried on at the University of Tennessee relating to the historical, social, and economic development of the Tennessee Valley and its present condition. These projects are being funded by the Federal Civil Works Administration.

	Reprint of Fain`s Case: John H. Fain v. The United States. Case summary notes: "The claimant mingles his own funds with those of another person to be invested in fifty-eight bales of cotton, which are taken under the `Abandoned or captured property act,` sold, and the net proceeds deposited in the treasury. The extent of the interest of each party is shown. The claimant alone brings suit for the whole amount of the net proceeds of the fifty-eight bales."

	Receipt for shipment to J.B. and J.L. Rhea in Knoxville, Tennessee. The Baltimore Steam Packet Company and the Virginia and Tennessee Air Line railway will delilver the shipment.

	John Lenoir was a slave of Lenoir and Brothers who were residents of Roane County. In 1864 Lenoir and Brothers signed this document to "voluntarily offer his (or her) into the service of the United States...for the period of three years or during the war."

	An oath of alligience to the United States sworn by William G. Brownlow on June 16, 1863 notarized by Horace H. Hanson. Is listed on the reverse of document as "Special Agent."

	Flyer for a Home Improvement Bazaar for demonstrations and exhibits of a washing machine, floor treatments, steam pressure and waterless cookers, and a "moving picture".

	Letter of introduction for Virginia Pl Moore as Agent in the Extension Service of the United States Department of Agriculture to visit England and Denmark "in connection with the work of this Department." Letter is signed by the Acting Secretary of Agriculture and bears the official seal fo the Department of Agriculture.

	Letter from Mary Edwards Sullivan, Chairman of the State Democratic Executive Committee regarding an orginization of a "house canvass" to ensure a democratic victory. Also mentioned woman suffrage and the League of Nations.

	Letter on U.S. Food Administration letterhead for the Federal Food Administrator For Tennessee with Virginia P. Moore, Home Economics Director discussing a food drive along for sending "overseas" with distribution of a "food card into every home in the State."

	Discusses success of the State Fair in which the School Improvement Exhibit was displayed and lists many notable attendees such as James B. Frazier, John Trotwood Moore and Bob Taylor.

	Letter from Traffic Manager to Mr. W.C. Kendall, Association of American Railroads regarding the denial of a $40,000 loan to Smoky Mountain Railroad Company on the basis that revenues would decline once the building of roads to the National Smoky Mountain Forest were completed.

	Frieght bill dated December 21, 1939 showing the transport of one dump truck shipped to Lenoir, NC from Knoxville, TN.

	Two report forms entitled "Employees on Duty more than Sixteen Consecutive Hours" detailing the employee names, job titles, hours worked and explanation that they were kept on duty due to a derailment. One is handwritten and one is typed.

	Invoice for services rendered by attorney Sam Silverstein for Smoky Mountain Railroad, including conferences and contract negotiations with the Tennessee Valley Authority (TVA) regarding Douglas Dam and other matters.

	Railroad Schedule of times and stops between Sevierville and Knoxville, TN.

	Letter to Mr. Cisler, General Superintendent, Second Postmaster General in Washington D.C. regarding new schedule times for mail delivery between Knoxville and Sevierville, TN.

	Letter that identifies H.E. Cupp as an engineer working as a material hauler for the Douglas Dam project during the Second World War for Smoky Mountain Railroad.

	Letter from Joe Silverstein, President of Smoky Mountain Railroad to Mr. Frank Parks asking him to carry out specific tasks and emphasizing the railroad`s new tasks with regard to the Second World War.

	A letter from the Chemicals Division of the War Production Board in Washington, D.C. regarding how chimical cord wood can be used for the WWII effort, such as the production of charcoal.

	A letter from TN Eastman Corporation to "Our Many Friends" that describes how chemical wood can be made into different products that can be used in the WWII effort and how TN Eastman Corporation can help other companies to engage in these efforts.

	An introductory letter that describes the railroad and the engine it owns, which comes from the former Smoky Mountain Railroad Company, and the routes they take through Pleasant Lake and Angola, Indiana.

	Article from the publication Trains that describes the history of the Smoky Mountain Railroad as a "short line" railroad and the state of the railroad as of December 1949.

	In a "personal explanation" delivered on the floor of the Senate, Tennessee Senator Brownlow argues against the comments made against his character by U.S. Representative Beck from Kentucky.

	This pamphlet was enclosed in a letter from J. B. Brownlow to O. P. Temple, dated Feb. 11, 1891. The pamphlet is an Address delivered by Reb. C. J. Ryder, District Secretary, at the Annual Meeting of the American Missionary Association, at Chicago, Ill., 1889. It discusses East Tennessee and refers to its people as mountaineers or Highlanders and "our country`s debt to these patriotic Highlanders" during the Revolutionary War.

	Morton writes regarding O.P. Temple`s recent subscription to the Farmers` Home Journal.

	In a reply to an earlier letter from Temple, McGhee states that he will not contribute more money to the library in Knoxville at this time; the burden is on the community. McGhee is confident that the community will financially support the growth of the library through increased membership and rental of "the Hall" recently completed.

	The city of Knoxville notifies Temple and Thornburg that the city will be repaving in front of their lot at 239 and 241 Gay Street between the streets of Resevoir and Vine.

	This collection, the Major R.C. d`Armand Letter, 1944, contains one letter and envelope to Elizabeth "Lizzie" Turner in Knoxville, TN, on June 30, 1944. It discusses the setting in the South Pacific, where he is stationed during World War II, and compares the area (especially New Guinea and Australia) to East Tennessee and the Smokies. In the last paragraph he refers to the increase in Knoxville`s population due to the "very `secret thing going on at Clinton" and asks if "whatever it is, have we used it on the Germans yet?" He hopes that the end of the war is near.

	Bill entitled "An Act to Promote Safe and Suitable School Houses in the State of Tennessee" to be put through the Tennessee General Assembly. Includes note from the Hamilton County Superintendent detailing the bill as an outcome of the Collinwood tragedy in Cleveland, Ohio and the measures taken in drafting the bill.

	Temperance pledge for young men, with blank to be signed by owner of each copy.

	Twentieth annual report of the work of the Children`s Mission Home at Knoxville, Tennessee. Reverend and Mrs. J.R. Lauritzen are the superintendents of the home.

	A pamphlet describing the history and work of the Howe Institute established in Memphis, TN by Peter Howe and owned and controlled by the negro Baptists of Tennessee.

	A notice indicating that Doctor Ramsey offers his professional services to the citizens of Knoxville and adjacent areas. Provides his shops location and notes that he has just received a full supply of medicines from Baltimore.

	Malcolm Bonner, who was associated in managing the Palace and Venus theatres in Memphis, TN on Beale Avenue, writes Tony Langston, an editor at the

	Program of the Sixth Annual Session of the Tennessee State Teachers` Association to be held in Nashville on Nov. 1-2, 1871. Details schedule of events for session including speakers. Notes that friends and advocates of popular education in Tennessee are invited to attend and that the object of the session is to advance the Tennessee educational system and promote the interest of the state.

	From Zachariah Chandler, John H. Ketcham, and J.H. Platt, Jr. who are the Finance Committee for the Union Congressional Republican Executive Committee. Request for donation to be used by the Republican party in the 1870 campaign.

	Statement signed by S.N. Clark of Chicago, Illinois swearing that he has never supported any insurrection against the United States and promises to do his duty to the best of his ability in the office which he is about to enter.

	Invitation to a lecture by Z. Richard, former superintendent of Washington schools. Note by Richards stating that he would like to hear Eaton`s views.

	U.S. Representative Arnell proposed this bill for the establishment of the Bureau of Education in the Department of the Interior and the transfer of the Freedmen`s Bureau to the new bureau. This bill contains other proposals concerning employees, finances, and duties of the old and new bureaus and notations in Eaton`s handwriting.

	This pamphlet contains an address by Thomas Hughes, president of the founders of Rugby, Tennessee at the time of Rugby`s founding. Hughes details the philosophy and practices of the English colony, as well as prices for goods and services in the settlement. He also describes the area`s environment and resources. Some of this information is included in the pamphlet`s unique glossary.

	A reprint of the report by State Attorney General, Frank M. Thompson, to Tennessee Governor, A.H. Roberts, on the constitutionality on Tennessee`s ratification of the federal suffrage amendment which was originally delivered in Chatanooga on June 24, 1920.

	Appeal of W.C. Dunlap to the voters of Roane and Morgan counties for election to the Tennessee legislature.

	Broadside with letters from multiple authors, each speaking out against John Sevier, who has been accused of fraudulent behavior. The broadside contains a letter written by John Sevier in 1795, as well as multiple other authors - important figures of the day: John Carter, Andrew Jackson, Willie Blount, Will White, James P. H. Porter.

	This program, entitled "Art Levee" lists the exhibits displayed at an art show in 1893 by the Centenary Female College in Cleveland, Tennessee. Centenary offered an exceptional education to female students in the late 19th and early 20th century in a six-year program.

	Opinion of the Tennessee Supreme Court in the case of John Thomas Scopes vs. the State of Tennessee.

	Title pages and index of the appeal of the Circuit Court of Rhea County`s decision in the John Thomas Scopes` case. The complete case file is contained in the Supreme Court Records. The index gives a good overview of what is contianed in the records. John Thomas Scopes is listed as the Plaintiff in Error and the State of Tennessee is listed as the Defendant in Error.

	Letter written by Noel Gaines to Governor Austin Peay. The letter, regarding passing the anti-evolution law in the State of Tennessee, contains strong language where Mr. Gaines calls the majority of Science teachers in the country, "rank infidels, atheists, materialists, teaching a line of destruction." Mr. Gaines goes on to say that Christian people pay the bill for, "treasonable book companies who have and are printing these satan-sandwich-books."

	Resolution of the Men`s Bible Class of the Methodist Episcopal Church of Greenville, Tennessee. This Resolution was sent to Austin Peay, then Governor of the State of Tennessee. The Resolution regards the class approving the position that the Governor took in his letter to the Superintendent of Schools in Rhea County, Tennessee.

	Letter from A. L. Markwell to Austin Peay, then Governor of the State of Tennessee. In the letter, Mr. Markwell espresses his elation at reading about the State of Tennessee tabooing the Darwin-Huxely theory of evolution.

	Circular letter regarding the attacks to William Jennings Bryan for his rebuttal of the evolutionary theory that man was descended from an ape. The letter is signed by George J. Jones, Scientist and Investigator.

	This resource unit prepared by the Nashville City Schools in 1959 provides a fascinating glimpse into scientific thinking at the beginning of the Space Age. There are line drawings of the Vanguard, Sputnik, Atlas and Explorer satellites. There is a discussion of the effect of the launch of Sputnik on the the world, especially in the United States with regard to education, research and development into space exploration. The unit has a drawing about animals launched into space, contains a glossary of terms and a list of resources such as books and magazine articles for teachers. It also includes a list of the Social Studies Steering Committee and the teachers who had used the unit on an experimental basis.

	This publicity brochure of the Nashville Public Schools provides a look at the city`s education system in the years 1957-1961. It outlined basic information about the curriculum and services of the Nashville city schools, highlighting improvements and recent developments and contained a financial report. The brochure cited the "challenges of modern times" as the reason for a "vigorous effort" to improve the schools. It mentioned improvements in facilities, materials, libraries, the number of male teachers, in foreign language, social studies, math and science instruction, the creation of new special education and vocational programs. It listed statistics on health contributions of school doctors and nurses, including home visits by school nurses. Per pupil expenditure was $310, compared with a national average of $390. Problems facing the district included adequate financing, extensive extracurricular duties of teachers, and the mobility of the student population. No mention was made of school desegregation, though it says that the "school population of Nashville is 56 per cent white and 44 per cent Negro."

	This promotional brochure for Ward-Belmont College, a junior college, preparatory school and conservatory of music for young women, dates from the late 1930s or early 1940s. It contains an essay on the history of Ward-Belmont College, as well as information on the curriculum, student activities and social life of the school. Notable are the sections on the arts, the equestrian program and May Day. The brochure is rich with photographs of the college grounds and students engaged in a variety of college activities.

	This four-page pamphlet details the dress regulation of Ward-Belmont College in 1928. "Extravagance and extremes in dress are wholly out of harmony with our spirit and ideas. . . We eliminate rouge, lipsticks, unduly short skirts, and high heels with a marked degree of success, and ask for your approval of our effort to keep our girls naturally normal." The regulation dress consisted of a tailored suit or dress and coat, with hat, waist, gloves and shoes. The pamphlet outlines the colors and styles permitted, gives advice on when and where to purchase the clothing, and explains the expectation for dress both at school and for social functions.

	This invitation to the Memphis Commercial Convention is addressed to Mr. Robert I. Chester of Jackson, Tennessee. This convention followed one the previous October in Norfolk, Virginia. One of its purposes was to secure the "cordial and active co-operation" of people in the Ohio and Mississippi River valleys to build trade with Europe, in a spirit of "generous rivalry" with the North-Atlantic Cities. Another purpose was to discuss the necessity of a railroad from the Mississippi River to the Pacific Ocean over a route that was unobstructed all year. Additional topics were the leveeing of the Mississippi river and immigration. Included with this invitation are suggestions for how many delegates different entities should send and Robert Chester`s delegate badge.

	This invitation is for a ball to be given at Mr. Edmondson`s Hotel on December 23, 1828 in honor of the election of General Andrew Jackson to the Presidency of the United States. The listed managers of the ball are William Carroll, H. M. Rutledge, S. B. Marshall, R. Armstrong, James P. Clark, William H. Wharton, Thomas P. Adams, George Wilson, R. E. W. Earl, and John L. Bugg.

	This simple invitation, addressed to Mr. Sandiford, is for a dinner and ball in honor of General Andrew Jackson at N. Anderson`s Hotel on January 19, 1828 in Memphis, Tennessee

	This invitation is for a ball at the Washington Hotel in Murfreesboro, Tennessee to take place on January 8, 1825. It is to honor the victory of the United States at the Battle of New Orleans on January 8, 1815. The managers of the ball are George A. Sublett, H.D. Jamison, Russell Dance and James Holmes.

	This invitation is for a ball in honor of General Lafayette. The date of this ball depended upon the date of the General`s arrival in Nashville - on the third evening after his arrival or on the second if he arrived on a Friday. The managers listed for this ball were E. H. Foster, S. B. Marshal, P. Parrish, J. Sommerville, B. McNairy, J. Stewart, A. McCall, J. Waters, J. W. Overton, J. Phillips, J. Vaulx, A. Latapie. The invitation is decorated with a drawing of a triumphal arch with busts of Washingon, Jackson and Lafayette. Underneath the busts of Jackson and Lafayette there is a listing of their battle victories.

	This invitation for a Masonic ball on December 27, 1821 is decorated by Masonic symbols. The "managers" of the ball are listed as W. Tannehill, B. McNairy, J. Overton, Sam. Houston, I. Ingram and W. Williams.

	Simon Cameron, U.S. Secretary of War, sent this formal,typed letter to Governor Isham G. Harris of Tennessee to request an immediate detachment of two militia regiments in accordance with and act of Congress from 1795 to suppress insurrections and repel invasions. There is a table listing the requirement of each state. The soldiers were to be between the ages of eighteen and forty-five, in good health, and were to serve for a period of three months, unless discharged sooner. The rendezvous points for mustering were to be in Nashville and Knoxville.

	This copy of the State of Frankland Constitution was published in 1786 by Francis Bailey of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. The State of Franklin was an autonomous United States territory created, not long after the end of the American Revolution, from territory that had been ceded by North Carolina to the federal government. It later become part of the state of Tennessee. Franklin was never officially admitted into the Union of the United States and existed for only four years. This copy of the Constitution is now missing both the front cover and the back page. The image of the front cover is from a copy made of the original and the image of the last page is from a typed transcription of the original.

	These are two documents in the garnishment process - an order to appear at district court to answer questions under oath about properties that might have pertained to an "alien enemy" of the Confederate States of America, and the Interrogatories to be Propounded to and Answered by Garnishees, signed by S.R. Cockrill, Receiver, C.S.A.

	This four-page typed document lists the members and officers of the House of Representatives of the Second Congress of the Confederate States of America, during the 2nd Session of 1864-1865. The listing includes the post office of record for each person.

	In this typed open letter, David Crockett offers himself as a candidate for the Ninth Congressional seat from Tennessee. He writes of some of his actions in the Tennessee General Assembly, primarily dealing with internal improvements such as turnpikes and river travel. He also encourages citizens to vote to elect General Andrew Jackson as President.

	This particular copy of the circular letter was sent to the "Mr. Postmaster [amp] the citizens of the town [amp] neighborhood of McMinnville, Tennessee." Three typed pages in length, Campbell outlines the events of the time that led the United States to declare war on Great Britain, and explains his views on direct taxes and internal duties, the impressment of American seamen by Great Britain, and other conflicts with the British.

	Thomas Hart Benton published this circular letter to present his side of the story in regards to his public fight with Andrew Jackson. He enumerates the order in which the fight occurred after he and his brother, Jesse Benton, arrived in Nashville. He states that Jackson sought him out, and with the aid of Colonel Coffee, Alexander Donelson, Captain Hammond and Stokely Hays, preceded to attack the brothers at the house of Judge Searcy. Andrew Jackson was shot during this encounter.

	A magazine supplement from the 1912 Jackson Sun newspaper in Jackson, Tennessee. The suuplement highlights prominent business people and business in Jackson at the time.

	James Dempster immigrated to the United States from Great Britain. His naturalization document declares that he has renounced "forever all allegiance and fidelity to any prince, potentate state, or sovereignty, and especially that of Queen Victoria of Great Britain" and that he is of "good moral character."

	John Demetrie was a former citizen of Serbia who immigrated to the United States in 1902 through New York City. In his declaration, Demetrie swears to "entirely renounce and abjure all allegiance and fidelity to any and every foreign Prince Potante, State or Sovereignty whatever, and particularly to King Alexander of Serbia to whom he now holds allegiance." Demetrie has signed an "x" to indicate his name. The clerk of the court, J.L. Allison, has witnessed and filled in Demetrie`s name.

	This is a divorce case between Walter E. McDaniels and Anna C. McDaniels. Walter McDaniels alleges that he is not in love with Anna and that she was defiant and "dictorial as old man Musselini himself." Walter McDaniels claims that his wife was violent and once meant to kill him with either a knife or poison. He also testifies that she is "wicked and malignant...and is unforgiving, like most of foreigners". Anna McDaniels was of Italian ancestry. Anna claims that her husband`s accusations are "wicked and untrue." In her defense, she denies all allegations, states that her husband left her destitute, and had a woman other than herself pose as his wife in order for him to enlist in the U.S. Navy.

	Documents from the divorce case betwen James R. Seawall and Dorothy Elizabeth Seawall. The main reason for the divorce appears to be religion. James Seawall was a Protestant while Dorothy Seawall was a Catholic. The mother and father of Dorothy are also listed as a cause, as James testified that Dorothy spent too much time at her mother`s house. F. E. Guerard testified that James Seawall complained in his letters that his wife neglected her "household duties." The case was filed on June 16, 1927 and the final decree was issued on November 22, 1927.

	This document is a copy of the plea filed by counsel on behalf of William Blount regarding Blount`s plea in the High Court of Impeachment, United States vs. William Blount. Blount was the only Senator ever attempted to be impeached. The federal government subsequently determined that they had no legal right to impeach a Senator and set a legal precedent.

	A portion of a book, the full title of which is: Miss Martha Brownlow, or The Heroine of Tennessee: a truthful and graphic account of the many perils and privations endured by Miss Martha Brownlow, the lovely and accomplished daughter of the celebrate Parson Brownlow, during her residence with her father in Knoxville. Despite the word "truthful" in the title, the book is considered a piece of propaganda, promoting the celebrity of the Brownlow family. Martha Brownlow`s true name was Susan Brownlow.

	Letters to Mr. Burn from the League of Tennessee Women Voters, the Women Members of the Executive Committee of the Republican National Committee, and an individual, L.H.L from Chattanooga thanking him for his vote in favor of the 19th Amendment. On verso side of the Women Members of the Republican Committee, the members of the Men`s Ratification Committee are listed.

	Telegrams to Harry Burn in Athens, Tennessee from John W. Bayless and Mrs. R. P. Knight in Nashville praising Burns` vote for suffrage in August 1920. The first is a telegram from Bayless stating that Burns` name was enrolled on the list of those voting for suffrage in 1920. Burn was significant in the close vote of the 19th amendment by the Tennessee legislature because despite his original plan to vote against the amendment, he was persuaded to vote for suffrage and broke the tie. At the time it was reported that Burn voted for the amendment on the urging of his mother and he allegedly said "a good boy always does what his mother asks him to do."

	This campaign letter was written and distributed by L.C. Houk to the voters of the 2nd Congressional District of Tennessee. Houk ran as a candidate for congress in 1865. He is attacking his opponent, named simply as "Maynard" for condemning the President, supporting the African American suffrage movement, as well as the failures of his professional life.

	This is a program for a 3-day teacher`s convention in Maryville, Tennessee, called the 2nd Congressional District Conference of Teachers and Educators. The conference is designed as a preliminary step in the organization of Teachers` Institutes in every county. All county teachers and superintendents are encouraged to attend.

	This is an announcement posted by the Republican Executive Committee listing the place and time of appointments for Hon. L.C. Houk, the regular republican nominee for Congress.

	This is an circular that was written by a proponent of the temperance movement, Will A. McTeer, and distributed in Maryville, Tennessee in 1888. He is condemning a nominee for Senate named Nelson for refusing to take a stance on the issue of temperance. Mr. McTeer, in so writing, is also trying to garner support for a campaign to run against Mr. Nelson.

	This is a notice written by Charles C. Ross, son of Frederick A. Ross, that he will be publishing a short book on his father who lived and was minister of Rotherwood, Tennessee. The purpose of the notice is to inform friends and family about the upcoming publication, and to get a sense of the demand.

	Republican campaign ticket for Tennessee state races of 1880.

	A letter describing the life and times of an anonymous plantation owner before and after the Civil War, giving him the pseudonym, Uncle Sam. The article talks generally about the economic plight of the Southern plantation owner after the abolition of slavery and contends that both the slave owner and the slave were better off under the system of slavery when compared to the system that followed.

	A white spuremacist, anti-integrationist pamphlet put out anonymously by the Glenview Community in Memphis, Tennessee. The pamphlet warns of a communist and NAACP inspired plot to ruin their white neighborhood by helping black citizens move into Glenview.

	Letter from a white supremacist, anti-semite group founded in Chicago, Illinois requesting support. Their slogan is "Whiteman Awake-The Hour Is Late!"

	A flyer from a white supremacist, anti-integration group in California, American Nationalist. This flyer warns of interracial romance depicted in Hollywood movies, citing an upcoming release entitled "Island in the Sun" featuring on-screen love scenes between Joan Fontaine and Harry Belafonte. The flyer urges drastic measures including boycotting.

	This is a flyer from a white supremacist, anti-integration group in California. This flyer warns of the "plot to impose `Black Supremacy` upon the South".

	This is a pamphlet from an anti-integration group founded in Memphis, Tennessee. The piece accuses various liberal and civil rights groups of being Communist.

	This is a letter from a Memphis citizen protesting the possibility of putting a "negro" on the board of John Gaston Hospital.

	A letter from a Memphis citizen protesting the possibility of putting a "negro" on the board of John Gaston Hospital. Nettles writes, "I am for 128% white supremacy."

	A letter in which the Mayor of Memphis expresses his stance against racial integration in the school system.

	Association of Citizens` Councils flyer presenting biblical quotations in order to claim that segregation is consistent with the tenets of Christianity. The Association of Citizens` Councils was a pro-white, anti-integration organization founded in Mississippi in 1954.

	Association of Citizens` Councils flyer presenting venereal disease statistics in order to claim that integration would be harmful to whites. There is a story about integration hurting schools on the back side. The Association of Citizens` Councils was a pro-white, anti-integration organization founded in Mississippi in 1954.

	Association of Citizens` Councils flyer presenting crime statistics in order to claim that integration would be harmful to whites. The Association of Citizens` Councils was a pro-white, anti-integration organization founded in Mississippi in 1954.

	A monthly publication of an anti-integration group, the Association of Citizens` Councils of Mississippi.

	A history of Presbyterian Churches in West Tennessee. The author notes that he only included churches established before the Civil War in 1861, everything after was considered "modern."

	This is a WWI era handout encouraging citizens to adhere to food restrictions in order to support the war effort.

	This is a WWI pamphlet encouraging civilians to do their duty by purchasing Liberty Bonds.

	This is a pamphlet on how woman can contribute during to the war effort by taking part in a YWCA sponsored "Hostess House".

	Booklet #6 in the War Information Series published the Committee on Public Information during WWI. This booklet consists of essays by "citizens of German descent" arguing that German-American citizens must support America during the war.

	This is a pro-temperance flyer accusing Tennessee Congressman K.D. McKellar of working with Memphis Mayor E.H. Crump against the temperance movement.

	Democratic Party flyer accusing Republicans of "herding of the negroes like sheep and marching them to the polls to vote..."

	This is a flyer attacking the Urban League as anti-White. It shows what the Urban League is doing with tax-payers` money, and supports `race-mixing` in jobs, schools, etc.

	This appears to be a government publication discussing the effects of price controls on comsumers during WWII.

	A corporate sponsored informational folder on coping with "blackouts" during WWII. On the inside is an interview with James M. Landis, the then Director of Civilian Defense. The outside was printed in color while the inside was printed in black and white.

	This is a newsletter produced by the government during WWII. It provided tips and encouragement for citizens wanting to contribute to the war effort.

	This is a manual for local civilian defense councils on holding "Town Meetings For War".

	This is a letter from the Govenor of Tennessee requesting help in setting up civilian defense councils during WWII. On the back of the letter Overall he wrote the names of possible candidates for various positions: fire, police, air raids.

	This is a General County Election ballot from 1924.

	Simonton wrote this letter to Sue S. White, Chairman of the Tennessee Branch of the National Woman`s Party, with a poem about women`s suffrage.

	Shafroth was a Democratic Senator from Colorado. He was one of several politcians to which Simonton sent poems related to political issues. This letter addresses the women`s sufferage ammendment.

	This letter submitts poems to a French journal titled "L`Humanite".

	This letter discusses potential political benefits for the Democratic party if they were to pass a woman`s suffrage bill. The "Episode of the Apple" is a poem Simonton had included with the letter.

	Simonton wrote poetry about current political issues, and frequently sent those poems to friends and magazines. This poem is dedicated to Woodrow Wilson.

	Tennessee Senator McKeller writes to Simonton of his displeasure at having to vote to allow eighteen year olds into the draft.

	From the title page: "Campaign Songs for Democratic Gatherings, Meetings, Processions, Marching Clubs, etc. Arranged for Popular Airs."

	This is a flyer from a conservative labor organization in Memphis, TN, protesting the use of Union dues for political purposes. They advocate passage of a bill 14-B which would do away with closed or Union shops.

	This memorandum revisits the history of sharecropper eviction in the United States, then adressess evictions happening still in Fayette and Haywood counties in Tennessee. It later goes on to challenge the Kennedey administration. H.L. Mitchell, writing from Memphis, TN, was co-founder of the Southern Tenant Farmers` Union.

	This is a copy of the Constitution and By-Laws of the Southern Tenant Farmers` Union, as revised by the Third Annual Convention at Muskogee, Oklahoma, January 14-17, 1937.

	This is a poster announcing a meeting of the Southern Tenant Farmers Union as well as advertising membership to their organization.

	This is a flyer calling on cotton pickers to strike for union wages of one dollar per hundred pounds of cotton. This flyer was issued by the Southern Tenant Farmers` Union.

	This is a poster advertising the availability of unemployed laborers in the mid-south. The poster was produced by H. L. Mitchell who was cofounder of the Southern Tenant Farmers` Union.

	This is a membership card into the General Migratory Workers Union, which operated under the authority of the Southern Tenant Farmers Union. The back of the card enumerates the rights of the card holder.

	This is a poem written by John Henry, Negro Union Organizer in an answer to an attack in a Negro paper published at Forest City, Arkansas called the Southern Liberator.

	This is a membership form for Friends of the Southern Tenant Farmers` Union.

	This is a racist pamphlet protesting the integration of African-American families into white Memphis neighborhood issued by the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People in 1959.

	This is a Democratic campaign poster appealing to "colored voters" in 1932. The election date is November 2nd.

	This is an anonymous letter warning Dalstrom against advocating "race mixing".

	This is a ticket from the Central Labor Union, in Detroit, Michigan, to an event titled the "Great Mass Meeting" at which Emma Goldman and Carl Nord would speak. The name of the speech is "Vive la Commune".

	A poetry chapbook written and produced by Jo Labadie of Detroit, Michigan. He was a friend of Edwin Dalstrom and shared his interest in the Socialist Party.

	This is a contract, signed by Edwin Dalstrom, to transport him to Detroit, Michigan.

	Published by the American Friends Service Committee. This copy belonged to Roberta Church.

	A letter of thanks to Robert R. Church for supporting Wendell L. Willkie`s presidential bid for the Republican Party.

	A letter written by Robert R. Church, Jr. addressed to several members of the Republican Party urging them to liberalize their party`s policies with respect to "Colored people," or risk losing them to other political parties. In it, he lists 10 points he would like the party to strongly consider.

	A response by William A. White to a letter sent out by Robert R. Church that addressed the Republican party`s refusal to grant full rights to African-Americans. It deals with the economic and political reasons for denying human beings citizenship through Jim Crow laws.

	This letter, from Herbert J. Seligman informs R.R. Church of the codes to use when reporting lynchings or other crimes against African-Americans via telegraph to the NAACP. This is part of a larger method for news gathering across the country. It is also requested that he retain clippings on lynchings and other crimes in order to make a case to the government.

	This flyer is "A Woman`s Lie and Reckless Journalism," and subtitled, "This Combination Has Killed How Many Innocent Negroes In the Last Thirty-five Years?" It includes newspaper clippings surrounding an investigation into an alleged break-in and assault by a black man, which later proved to be a made up story.

	This is a telegram from James Weldon Johnson in New York City to R.R. Church in Memphis relaying that the anti-lynching bill, HR 13, was received favorably by the Judiciary Committee to the House of Representatives. Mr. Johnson asks Mr. Church to flood his representatives in congress with telegrams urging them to pass the bill.

	Subtitled "A Report made for the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People." The author, James Weldon Johnson, was the Field Secretary for the NAACP. The report details the investigation of a murder that occurred in Memphis on April 30, 1919 of a 16 year old girl named Antoinette Rappal. Several allegations were made against both black and white men. The report brings together articles from the Memphis Press.

	A pamphlet describing the newly adopted political platform of the Lincoln Republican League of Tennessee. R. R. Church, Jr. was the chairman and founder. The platform was adopted September 8th, 1916 in a mass meeting assembled in Memphis, Tennessee. It begins, "as republicans we reassert our devotion to the Party that made the nation free against the party that sought to keep slavery [sic]." Among the topics on the platform are the condemnation of Jim Crow laws and lynching.

	The letter announces a convention to be held in New Orleans, Louisiana, held by the Lincoln Republican League of Tennessee. The purpose of the convention was to state the political grievances of African Americans as seen by the LRL. It is signed by committee members Robert R. Church, Jr., Walter L. Cohen, and Roscoe C. Simmons.

	A letter from the chairmen of the Republican National Convention advising the president, Warren G. Harding, that R. R. Church, Jr., of Memphis, TN, is the best man to contact when the issue of "colored patronage" arises.

	Several lists, apparently drawn up by R. R. Church, Jr., of Afro-Americans employeed by the United States Government, including their salaries. The lists are dated July 1, 1912.

	A letter from Booker T. Washington to R. R. Church, Jr. expressing his condolences for the death of his father, "a strong man." Mr. Washington goes on to say that he is encouraged that he will "reflect credit upon his [sic] father," and continue to advance the cause of African Americans.

	The Moon was edited by W. E. B. DuBois while he was living in Atlanta, Ga.. The magazine was published in Memphis, TN, by Ed. L. Simon and Company who were located at 358 Beale Street. Thier manager was H. H. Pace who also worked for R. R. Church, Sr. at the Sovent Savings Bank and Trust.

	A certificate of membership to the National Negro Business League for R. R. Church, Sr.. It is number 57, and states that he paid a $25 membership fee. It is signed by Booker T. Washington, Emmett Scott, and J. C. Napier.

	A letter thanking Church for a donation to The Fortune Testimonial Fund.

	A pamphlet written in response to a racist editorial in the Memphis Commercial Appeal. The editorial claimed that "negro suffrage was a failure." Rev. J.H. Grant was pastor of Avery Chapel A.M.E. Church in Memphis, TN.

	An open letter to the National Presidential Convention of 1900 requesting the abolition of disfranchisement based "on account of Sex." The letter is signed by Elizabeth Cady Stanton, Susan B. Anthony, Carrie Chapman Catt, and several other members of the National-American Woman Suffrage Association.

	Solvent Savings Bank and Trust Company was the first African-American owned bank in Memphis. The founder and first president was R. R. Church, Sr..

	A report on the state of Solvent Savings Bank, the first "Negro" bank in Memphis. Its founder and president was Robert Reed Church.

	This property schedule of R.R. [amp] A.S. Church lists 11 properties owned, including address, description, and price. The two farms are listed according to their acreage. There is a note at the bottom explaining that one of the farms has a debt of 12,800 dollars which "does not mature until 1928." The offices of R.R. Church were located on 392 Beale Avenue, in Memphis, Tennessee.

	This poem was first published in a 62-page yearbook for the Polytechnic High School in Maryville, Tennessee. It is an ode to the senior class in which members of the class are praised and remembered.

	This is a bulletin put out by the Polytechnic school in Maryville, Tennessee--"A private, preparatory, co-educational, boarding and day school. In its entirety, the bulletin contains 40 pages, only 6 of which are displayed here. Those included contain information about enrollment, the academic calendar, faculty, facilities, the school`s reputation and its mission.

	From the first page of the pamphlet: "This pamphlet was prepared for publication as a part of a tour souvenir book in conjunction with the Sixth International Congress on Large Dams held September 16-19, 1958 in New York City. The Committee sponsored several `study tours` after the conclusion of the New York Congress. One of these tours was through the Southeastern United States and included inspection of certain of Alcoa`s hydroelectric developments as well as the hydroelectric developments of others." This pamphlet contains only the Alcoa portion of the souvenir book and "was prepared for distribution to members of the study tour, other visitors to Alcoa`s hydroelectric plants, and interested company personnel." The pamphlet was first published in February of 1958, reprinted in November 1958, and revised in January of 1973. 3 pages of 31.

	This railroad ticket was issued by the Tennessee and Carolina Southern Railway in Chilhowee, Tennessee in 1914. The fare was forty-five cents for a one-way trip from Chilhowee to Montvale, Tennessee. Montvale had one of the first spas in East Tennessee, beginning near the middle of the 19th centruy and was a popuar resort.

	This brochure features a picture of Main Street in Maryville, Tennessee around the turn of the 20th century. The brochure contains a map of the buildings on Main Street. The streets are labeled and almost all of the buildings are numbered as to correspond with a description of the history of that building. The descriptions of the building and their physical locations contain details from the early 19th century until the late 20th century.

	The State Teachers College`s "Dormitory Rules and Regulations for Young Women" enumerated the standards by which young women were expected to behave while attending the institution. Women at the college adhered to standards that were more stringent than those required of men.

	This turnpike receipt, issued to Colonel Horace Ready of Murfreesboro by the Murfreesboro and Salem Turnpike Company, demonstrates his payment of four dollars for the use of the turnpike for one year. Ready briefly commanded the 17th Tennessee Infantry Regiment during the Civil War.

	This letter is a response from Senator Albert Gore to the Mayor Clinton Swafford of Winchester, Tennessee. Gore outlines his position on the possible construction of Tims Ford Dam on the Elk River in Franklin County. The Tennessee Valley Authority is considering both the Tims Ford and Tellico Projects, and Gore explains that while he supports both, he will give Tellico the top priority.

	This letter is a response from Senator Albert Gore to a Tennessean concerned about the actions of the National Chamber of Commerce in relation to the operation of the Tennessee Valley Authority. Gore expresses his confidence in the presidential approval of Congress` TVA self-financing bill. Identifying information has been removed to protect the identities of private citizens.

	This letter is a response from Senator Albert Gore to a Tennessean concerned about the U.S. Chamber of Commerce`s activities in relation to the Tennessee Valley Authority. Gore expresses his desire that the TVA remain a public, rather than private, enterprise. Identifying information has been removed to protect the identities of private citizens.

	This document is a memorandum addressed to President Eisenhower from Senator Albert Gore. Gore explains what he believes to be the most important objectives to realize at the upcoming Geneva Conference on Nuclear Tests.

	This letter is a response from Senator Albert Gore to a Tennessean concerned about the state of the nation`s missile program. Gore discusses his recently introduced bill that encourages the acceleration of the country`s atomic power program. Identifying information has been removed to protect the identities of private citizens.

	This letter is a response from Senator Albert Gore to a Tennessean concerned about the federal government`s involvement in the atomic energy reactor program. Gore briefly expresses his favorable opinion of the policy. Identifying information has been removed to protect the identities of private citizens.

	This letter is a response from Senator Albert Gore to a Tennessean concerned about the implementation of an International Atomic Energy Agency. Gore expresses his favorable opinion of the statute and attempts to clarify its purposes. Identifying information has been removed to protect the identities of private citizens.

	This letter is a response from Senator Albert Gore to Tennesseans concerned about American involvement in Vietnam. Gore expresses his disapproval of the war and intends to press for its closure.

	This letter is a response from Senator Albert Gore to Tennesseans concerned about status of bills HR-7152 and S-1731, the proposed civil rights legislation submitted for consideration to Congress by President Kennedy during June 1963.

	This letter is one in a chain of correspondence between Senator Albert Gore and Fisk University`s Dean of Chapel, Dr. Lawrence N. Jones. The two men are discussing Senate Bill S-1731, proposed civil rights legislation submitted for consideration to Congress by President Kennedy during June 1963.

	This letter is a response from Senator Albert Gore to a citizen concerned about the actions of Senator Joseph McCarthy of Wisconsin. Gore informs the citizen of his position concerning a current investigation of McCarthy and congressional debate upon the need for his censure. Identifying information has been removed to protect the identities of private citizens.

	This letter is a response from Senator Albert Gore to a citizen concerned about the activities of Senator Joseph McCarthy of Wisconsin. The citizen requests that Gore use his congressional power to curb McCarthy`s actions, and Gore promises to act in the public interest. Identifying information has been removed to protect the identities of private citizens.

	This letter is a response from Senator Albert Gore to a citizen who disapproved of his stance concerning Wisconsin Senator Joseph McCarthy`s congressional hearings. Gore briefly explains his views and thanks the citizen for her letter. Identifying information has been removed to protect the identities of private citizens.

	This letter is a response from Senator Albert Gore to a citizen concerned about gun control legislation and protection against rioters and marchers. Gore briefly explains his views in respect to the "recently approved anti-crime bill" in this letter. Identifying information has been removed to protect the identities of private citizens.

	This letter is a response from Senator Albert Gore to a citizen concerned about a particular civil rights demonstration commonly called the "Poor Peoples` Campaign" and federal gun laws. Gore briefly explains his position on gun control and reassures the citizen that the demonstration shall receive his close attention. Identifying information has been removed to protect the identities of private citizens.

	This letter is a response from Senator Albert Gore to a citizen who sent him a telegram discussing the President`s order to fly to United States flag at half-staff in honor of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.`s death. The citizen opposed this measure, and Gore reassures him that the President has the authority to order such actions. Identifying information has been removed to protect the identities of private citizens.

	This letter is a response from Senator Albert Gore to a citizen concerned about the mistreatment of Alabama Freedom Riders. The citizen wishes for peaceful actions to be taken to end this violence. Gore agrees with the citizen and hopes that "orderly procedure" will oust "the medium of mob rule." Identifying information has been removed to protect the identities of private citizens.

	This letter is a response from Senator Albert Gore to a couple opposed to the "Parents Voluntary Plan" in Nashville. This plan, according to Gore, is "a proposal of local citizens for a plan to meet the requirements of the decision of the Supreme Court on segregation." Gore believes that local citizens should have the right to recommend a plan for the administration of their schools. Identifying information has been removed to protect the identities of private citizens.

	This letter is a response from Senator Albert Gore to a student requesting the senator`s position on segregation for use in a term paper assignment. Identifying information has been removed to protest the identities of private citizens.

	This letter is a response from Senator Albert Gore to a citizen concerned about Gore`s decision to refrain from signing the Southern Manifesto. Gore briefly explains his position and thanks the citizen for his letter. The so-called Southern Manifesto was a 1956 document signed by 96 Southern legislators opposed to the Brown v. Board of Education Supreme Court decision ruling in favor of integrated public schooling. Identifying information has been removed to protest the identities of private citizens.

	This letter is a response from Senator Albert Gore to a citizen concerned about Gore`s decision not to sign the Southern Manifesto and the balance of state and federal powers. Gore explains that though his position has subjected him to much criticism, he stands by his initial beliefs. The so-called Southern Manifesto was a 1956 document signed by 96 Southern legislators opposed to the Brown v. Board of Education Supreme Court decision ruling in favor of integrated public schooling. Identifying information has been removed to protest the identities of private citizens.

	This letter is a response from Senator Albert Gore to Mr. Emerson M. Pownall, President of the United Gas, Coke, and Chemical Workers of America. Gore reassures Mr. Pownall that he will do anything possible to secure the installation of a proposed atomic energy reactor within Oak Ridge. Gore also tells the union president of his efforts in trying to relax a 45-mile commuting rule concerning Oak Ridge housing.

	This letter is a response from Senator Albert Gore to a Tennessean who contacted the senator about the proposed Highway Bill (Senate Bill 1048).

	This letter is a response from Senator Albert Gore to Tennesseans who contacted the senator with their views on the recent violence in Selma, Alabama. On March 7, 1965, civil rights marchers protesting restrictive voting laws for blacks in Selma were attacked by state troopers and local authorities.

	This letter is a response from Senator Albert Gore to Tennesseans who contacted the senator with their views on American involvement in the Vietnam War.

	This letter is a response from Senator Albert Gore to Tennesseans who contacted the senator with their views on the 1965 Dodd Bill (S-1592), a bill which addressed firearms regulation.

	This letter is a response from Senator Albert Gore to Tennesseans who contacted the senator with their views on prayer in schools. These citizens are responding to a recent Supreme Court decision ruling school-sponsored Bible reading in American public schools in the United States as unconstitutional.

	This letter is a response from Senator Albert Gore to a Tennessean who contacted the senator with his views on Civil Rights legislation.

	This letter is a response from Senator Albert Gore to Tennesseans who contacted him with their thoughts regarding developments at the University of Mississippi. Outraged college students and citizens rioted on September 20, 1962, in reaction to desegregation attempts on campus. Two people died as a result of the events.

	This issue mail letter is a response from Senator Albert Gore to a fourteen-year-old Tennessee Christian girl who contacted the senator with her views on communist conspiracy and its threat to Christianity in the United States.

	In this speech, presented on the House floor, Representative Albert Gore discusses the importance of the Tennessee Valley Authority and both its positive impacts upon the war program and the lives of citizens living in the region. This speech was instigated by the recent adoption of an amendment to the TVA appropriations bill by the Senate, a change which Gore believes will "hamper both the hopes and prospects of the people" as well as negatively "change the basic character" of TVA.

	In this WSM radio broadcast script, Representative Albert Gore of Tennessee describes the defeat of Civil Rights legislation in the Senate by a filibuster orchestrated by Southern senators. He also tells of the animosity present within the Democratic party, for Democratic senators from the East, North, and West resented the Southern senators spiteful efforts to oppose rent control in retaliation for their arduous fight against Civil Rights legislation. Gore reports Congressional discussion of the possibility that the Army is conducting too much "loose talking" and disapproves of the Air Corps` "costly publicity stunts."

	In this WSM radio broadcast script, Representative Albert Gore of Tennessee expresses his disapproval of President Harry S. Truman`s removal of General MacArthur`s from command in Korea. He believes that the decision to remove the "soldier of renown" was due to differences in viewpoint and a military stalemate in Korea. The General believes that Asia holds greater strategic importance, according to Gore, while the general staff in Washington "concluded that Western Europe is of more importance."

	In this WSM radio broadcast script, Congressman Albert Gore of Tennessee discusses President Roosevelts recent State of the Union address, a message that was sent to Congress in writing because the President was recovering from an illness. Gore lauds Roosevelt`s recommendation for a National Service Act, which would allow the government the ability to draft Americans into the war effort work force. The congressional representative also comments on Congress` partisan divisions over other domestic concerns, such as budget use, the soldier voter bill, and the railroad wage dispute. Gore announces his induction into the United States Army and the President`s request that the Tennessean remain in Congress where he may best serve his country.

	In this WSM radio broadcast script, Representative Albert Gore of Tennessee reads an amusing letter from a soldier to his wife. Gore also discusses Secretary of War Stimson`s announcement of moderate numbers of casualties in Tunisia and makes comparisons between World Wars I and II. The congressman closes his address by encouraging Americans on the home front to stay focused on the war effort.

	In this WSM radio broadcast script, Congressman Albert Gore expresses his anger at the "brazen treachery" of the Japanese in their bombing of Pearl Harbor, Hawaii. He believes the United States was "viciously, criminally, and treacherously attacked" and encourages the American government to declare war upon Japan in retaliation.

	In this WSM radio broadcast script, Congressman Albert Gore describes the passage of the Lend-Lease Bill, legislation that allowed Great Britain to access American war materials in exchange for land to house an American military base. Gore believes America aid to Britain ends the "era of isolationism" that marked the interwar period and awakened an idealistic American government from the unrealistic policy of avoidance.

	In this WSM radio broadcast script, Congressman Albert Gore discusses the Neutrality Act and reasons he deems adequate for its repeal. Gore argues that the health of the United States` international trade activity depends upon the business of transoceanic countries, not fellow North American nations. From a militaristic standpoint, the congressional representative believes that control of the seas is imperative to the survival of his country. Thus, Great Britain, America`s "partner in naval control" needs to be protected from the aggressor, and since the Neutrality Act "forbids [American] ships from going to the ports of Great Britain," Gore strongly suggests that the law should be repealed.

	In this WSM radio broadcast script, Representative Albert Gore of Tennessee discusses the importance of the Aid-to-Britain Bill in Congress. He recounts Wendell Wilkie`s appearance before the Senate Committee and former presidential candidate`s approval of the bill. According to Gore, Wilkie supported "effective aid" which would allow Great Britain the ability to "keep open the North Atlantic passage as a supply line from this great continent of resources." The representative closes his address by countering Wilkie`s suggestion that the bill limit its assistance to Great Britain, Greece, and China. Gore believes that the United States should be "ready to act when and where necessary for [its] defense."

	In a speech addressed on the House floor, Congressman Albert Gore expresses his gratitude for the congressional consideration of the G.I. Bill of Rights. He lauds the bill as "a well thought out and well prepared piece of legislation." Gore believes that the G.I. Bill of Rights is indispensable to the welfare of the national economy, for it will shorten the period between World War II soldiers` arrival back to the States and their integration into national life.

	In an address delivered to the Independent Bankers Association in St. Paul, Minnesota, Representative Albert Gore argues that Allied victory in World War II is only possible if Americans make that goal their "absorbing purpose." He believes that "anything short of full mobilization" of American force may result in defeat. Secondly, the cost of war must be met, and Gore encourages banks across the United States to "participate and cooperate" with the government`s fiscal agenda.

	In a speech prepared for the Tennessee Press Association in Nashville, Congressman Albert Gore argues that the United States must "win the [the second world] war swiftly and decisively," and "lead the nations of the world in a cooperative post-war structure dedicated to peace, mutual helpfulness, civilization, law, and order." He also believes that Americans have a responsibility to "make sure that the common man`s march of freedom here...survives this setback and moves relentlessly forward to a more equitable sharing." Gore argues that a strong, healthy freedom of press is indispensable to the accomplishment of those aspirations.

	In a speech given at a Columbus town meeting, Congressman Albert Gore argues that the prevention of recurring wars is paramount to solving domestic problems, for "all the liberties for which [Americans] now fight might eventually be snuffed out in continued militarism." In addition to the United Nations, Gore states that all nations must respect the principles of law and order. He calls for the organization of "peace-seeking nations with authority to make decisions in the interest of preserving peace and order" and "adequate power to enforce its decisions in preventing further wars between nations."

	Congressman Albert Gore visited the city of Gallatin, Tennessee (in Sumner County). In his address to the citizens of the War Bond Rally, Gore encourages the purchase of war bonds, stating that this action will allow the government the funding necessary to prosecute World War II. He believes that the sale of war bonds will discourage the only other alternative to government fundraising--higher taxation. Further, Gore states that the purchase of war bonds will render a huge service to one`s country and illustrates his argument by describing the treacherous actions of the Nazis and the Japanese against Europe and the United States.

	Representative Albert Gore, in this Flag Day address to the Nashville Elks, explains what he believes to be the symbolic meaning of the United States flag. He discusses how "freedom for everyone everywhere [was] gravely threatened" during the midst of World War II and how the American flag symbolizes the strength and resolve of "civilized mankind" to "rise up in its organized wrath and might" against those who threaten to "subjugate the world to a despotic will." At the conclusion of his speech, Gore reminds his listeners to be "humble and thankful" for the American philosophies of democracy and equality.

	In a speech given in Decatur County, Tennessee, Congressman Albert Gore discusses his interest in farm policies and programs of the largely agricultural Tennessee. He explains his role in the Gore-Anderson Farm Bill and how that bill defeated the Brannan Plan, which Gore believes would have ruined the economic stability of the farming community. As a candidate for the United States Senate, Gore promises to serve his state and nation in a conscientious manner and contends that he will effectively represent farmers in Congress.

	Congressman Albert Gore addresses the House of Representatives, challenging a claim made by a Georgia congressional representative that the Tennessee Valley Authority is "a hotbed of communism." Gore points out that a previous governmental investigation of the TVA found no evidence to support the Georgian`s claims. While he is in full support of expelling "subversive elements in the Government," Congressman Gore warns against making outrageous accusations about "innocent, patriotic American citizens."

	An excerpt from With the Second Army: "Somewhere in Tennessee", a book written by Eugene H. Sloan that recounts a grueling Christmastime episode involving some soldiers during the 1943-1944 maneuvers in Middle Tennessee. Sloan was a native of Lebanon, Tennessee and his by-lined column for the now defunct Nashville Banner newspaper was the basis for his book on World War II maneuvers.Permission to use was granted by Nashville Public Library.

	An excerpt from With the Second Army: "Somewhere in Tennessee", a book writen by Eugene H. Sloan that describes the establishment and importance of Camp Campbell, Camp Forrest, and Sewart Air Field. Sloan was a native of Lebanon, Tennessee and began his journalism career as a teenage reporter for the newspaper, Lebanon Democrat, and later was a "stringer" for the now defunt newspaper, Nashville Banner. His by-lined column "Somewhere in Tennessee" was the basis for the book on World War II maneuvers. Permission to use granted by Nashville Public Library.

	This is a small campaign card for Frank Clement`s 1952 campaign for Governor of Tennessee. One side states that "A vote for Frank Clement is a vote for clean government." The other proclaims that "For Honesty Decency and Morality, Vote Frank Clement for Governor, Democratic Primary, August 7, 1952." There is an oval photograph of Clement on both sides of the card.

	This is a campaign business card asking for the election of John Bragg to Congress. On the back of the card there is brief biography. He was president of Courier Printing Col, Inc. He was a graduate of MTSU who served two terms as direct representative from Rutherford County. It proclaims him to be a leader for legislative reform and reponsible fiscal policy. He was formerly an editor and publisher of a Murfreesboro newspaper and president of the Tennessee Press Association. He was on the National Legislative Committee of the Council of State Governments and was a World War II veteran. He was running for the 6th Congressional District with the Democratic Primary being on August 1, 1968.

	This is a small campaign business card with photo of Hall McNabb on the front proclaiming his dedication, experience and proven leadership in his campaign for Sheriff of Rutherford County with the Democratic Primary on May 25, 1976. The backside of the card has a listing of the Tennessee license plates by county with the prefix number, decided by population, and the county seat. Shelton Edwards` candidate card from 1948 provides a comparison on the population rankings of Tennessee counties, demonstrated by the licence plate prefixes.

	This is a small campaign card for Robert Goodwin, running for sheriff of Rutherford County. It says he has 18 years of experience in law enforcement. Election is subject to the results of the Democratic primary on March 12, 1970.

	This is a card to hand out for campaigning. It has a listing of all Tennessee counties, ordered and numbered by population, a system that was used for many years on vehicle licence tags, on the back. Shelton Edwards is running for State Senate to represent the 12th Senatorial district, if he gets elected at the state primary on August 5, 1948.

	This postcard is endorcing Mary Anderson for Congress. It was sent from the campaign headquarters in Nashville, Tennessee`s 5th District. Her agenda is to restore confidence in government spending and campaign finance.

	Fred Ellridge has sent this letter to voters encouraging them to vote for Thomas Dewey for President and Roy Acuff for Governor. Republican State Headquarters on letter head. A drawing of the G.O.P. elephant.

	This is a pamphlet that is Dunn for governor in 1970.

	This political letter written by Mike Liles to Walter K. Hoover and wife, thanking him for answering a questionnaire and for their positive ratings of his performance which includes results of the questionnaire. Among the topics were qustions about taxes, term linits, school choice, and voluntary prayer in schools.

	Thie is a campaign brochure, which folds out, of Jake Butcher`s campaign for Governor of Tennessee. He was beaten in 1978 by Lamar Alexander.

	This is a political campaign letter,form letter,written to Walter K. Hoover asking for support of Jake Butcher in his pursuit of the governorship of Tennessee in 1978.

	This is a campaign pamphlet for the 1948 presidential election. It advocates state`s rights and segregation.

	This is a letter to "My Fellow Tennessean" that Walter K. Hoover received.

	This campaign brochure promotes Ben Hall McFarlin as a candidate for Congress. It has photographs, biographical information about McFarlin, and statements about McFarlin`s belief about the issues. He speaks of supporting the common man and of being a man who understands ordinary people.

	This campaign brochure for Albert Gore, Jr.`s 1976 Senatorial Campaign has photographs of the candidate engaged in various activities, as well as information about his position on issues such as agriculture, education, taxes, jobs, gun control, big government, equal rights, the national defense, and the environment.

	This is a letter endorsing Albert Gore, Jr. for U.S. Congressman for the Fourth District to take the place of Rep. Joe L. Evins, who was retiring, written by Roy M. Neel to Walter Hoover.

	This is a brochure or pamphlet during the 1970 campaign for Senate in Tennessee. He ran against Albert Gore, Sr. and won. He had served four terms in the House of Representatives. The brochure discusses his beliefs and points to some of the laws he voted for and against in order to gain support of voters.

	This is a poster for an event June 17, 1972 in Davidson County. Bill Allen was George Wallace`s Campaign Manager for Davidson County, Tennessee. This event was held at the State Fairgrounds, from 11 am until 12 midnight. Activities included concessions, amusement booths, auction, speeches, clowns for the kids, cake walks and raffles. There was a prayer service at 12 noon, and a square dance starting at 9:00 p.m.

	The catalogue for West Tennessee College in Jackson, Tennessee. The college would eventually become Southwest Baptist University after merging with Union University of Murfreesboro, Tennessee.

	A catalogue from the first session of Southwestern Baptist University in Jackson, Tennessee. This was published by the Southern Baptist Publication Society in Memphis, Tennessee. In 1907 the Southwest Baptist University was renamed Union University.

	Southwestern Baptist University in Jackson, Tennessee. In 1907 the Southwestern Baptist University was renamed Union University.

	A catalogue revealing the type of studies undertaken by students enrolled in the university at Murfreesborough, Tennessee. Union University was established in 1841. It would later merge with West Tennessee College in Jackson to form the Southwestern Baptist University, still in Jackson. In 1907 the Southwestern Baptist University was renamed Union University, bringing events full circle.

	The first commencement address given at Union University in Murfreesborough, Tennessee. It was given by President Joseph H. Eaton. Union University was established in 1841. It would later merge with West Tennessee College in Jackson to form the Southwestern Baptist University, still in Jackson. In 1907 the Southwestern Baptist University was renamed Union University, bringing events full circle.

	This document is a statement prepared by the Bumpass Cove Citizens Group, Inc. and Sullivan County Concerned Citizens for a Public Hearing of the Joint Hazardous Materials Subcommittee of the State Legislature and presented by Representative Bill Nolan, held in Knoxville, December 13-14, 1979. It outlines the concerns of citizens who are exposed to industrial toxic waste from the Bumpass Cove Landfill Site. It ends with the question, Who is responsible for the public`s health?

	This letter is an appeal to the Carolina, Clinchfield and Ohio Railway to set up an exhibit at the 1911 Appalachian Exposition held in Knoxville. The letter states that nearly 500,000 people attended the previous year in 1910 and would be eclipsed by the Exposition of 1911.

	The letter is written to R. T. Brewer, the Industrial Agent of the Clinchfield Route of the Carolina, Clinchfield and Ohio Railway, from C. H. Gordon, Associate State Geologist Chief, Department of Mines and Minerals. The letter expresses gratitude to the railway for providing minerals found along the line for exhibition at the Exposition. C. H. Gordon also requests cement and marble samples. Page 2 includes information for exhibits of minerals and an entry form for general and individual exhibits.

	This letter was written in favor of reduced passenger fares to the Appalachian Exposition of 1910 held in Knoxville, Tennessee, as requested and proposed by William J. Oliver, President of the Appalachian Exposition.

	This letter is notification to Mr. J. J. Campion that he has been appointed Honorary Member of the Transportation Committee of the Appalachian Exposition. The Exposition is to conserve and protect the forests and water shades, and promote the development of Southern Appalachian resources. Mr. Oliver states in his letter that 300,000-400,000 people are expected to come from the eight Appalachian states.

	This letter is an appeal for reduced railroad fares for Tennesseans as well as all other sectors of the country expected to attend the Appalachian Exposition of 1910. Mr. Oliver, President of the Appalachian Exposition, states that fares had been lowered for expositions held previously in other states. Mr. Oliver specifies the reduced rates he is seeking based on day(s) of week and distance travelled.

	This form letter was designed to generate interest among mineral landowners and producers of minerals to apply for exhibition space at the Appalachian Exposition held between September 11 to October 1, 1911. There was no charge for space or the Exhibit. Framed commercial photographs were accepted if they were a certain size. Exhibitors were encouraged to submit a description of their exhibit to be included in a bound book.

	This handbill announces the Appalachian Exposition of 1911, with an expected attendance of over half a million. It is a celebration of great magnitude, according to the brochure, never before unequalled. It is intended to exploit and develop the wonderful resources of the Great Appalachian Territory and protect the forests and water sheds and establish the Appalachian Park Reserve.

	This brochure provides Specifications Governing Mineral and Forestry Exhibits for the most comprehensive exhibition of mining products and forests of the Appalachian region. Exhibitors could gain customers for lands or products mined or manufactured. The brochure also includes the names of the various mineral and non-metal committees and members.

	This letter is written by N. H. Rahn in Macon, Georgia, to Mr. Dehon in Spartanburg, South Carolina. The Southern Pipe and Culvert Company negotiated with Kingsport Brick Corporation to manufacture Segment Block for distribution in Tennessee and the Western Carolinas. A plant was constructed in Macon, Georgia, as the production site, and the machinery will be assumed by the Carolina, Clinchfield and Ohio Railway. The letter advises Mr. Dehon to negotiate the contract with the Kingsport plant.

	This letter was written by the Assistant Industrial Agent in Johnson City, Tennessee, to the S [amp] F Manufacturing Company in Shenandoah, Pennsylvania. Apparently, women employees were dissatisfied and went on strike. The purpose of the letter was to generate interest for S [amp] F Manufacturing Company to move its business to Johnson City because the territory was almost unlimited and the mountain girls worked longer hours per day for less pay and would not be an embarrassment to the Company.

	This letter is addressed to the Freedland Overall Company in Dubois, PA, and states the benefits available if the company is moved to Johnson City. Benefits include the railway systems and roads; churches of all denominations; schools; electric car system; an Anglo-American community of the best type; a variety of vegetables produced in the surrounding valleys; and mountain water.

	This letter is written to Mr. Mark W. Potter, President, from the General Agent. The purpose of the letter is to seek approval for Mr. Ehret, an entrepreneur with a background in the boiler business, to assume ownership of the building formerly used by the Dixie Concrete Company along with one acre of land the following week when Court convenes. Carolina, Clinchfield and Ohio Railway is seeking to break even on the losses sustained when the Dixie Concrete Company shut down its facility in Johnson City, owing its subsidiary, Holston Land Company, a substantial amount of money.

	This agreement made between the party of the first part, Holston Corporation, organized under the laws of Virginia, and R. F. Brown, Greenville, Tennessee, party of the second part, is a legal contract for R. F. Brown to move his business, Greeneville Concrete Construction Company, to Johnson City on or around April 30, 1910. R. F. Brown`s business was to be established on the industrial line of the Carolina, Clinchfield and Ohio Railway and a corporation formed under laws of the State of Virginia. The agreement included transfer of Mr. Brown`s machinery and equipment and stock in the new corporation for the amount of $10,000. The Holston Corporation would loan to the new corporation up to the amount of $10,000 in bonds as security for a period of five years; shareholders would participate as voting members.

	This item is Supplement No. 1-1/2 to Johnson City Tariff 2, freight tariff on local rates for crushed stone and screenings from Quarry Siding, Tenn. to Johnson City, Tenn. at a rate of 30 cents per cubic yard. The minimum carloads on crushed stone was 40 cubic yards; screenings were 24 cubic yards. The supplemental tariff was submitted by J. J. Campion, Vice President and Traffic Manger, Johnson City, Tenn., and became effective March 28, 1910.

	This is a memorandum of a conference is a tentative agreement for sale of the property previously occupied by the Dixie Concrete Company. Mr. Johnson`s stated price was $2,000.00 for the building and one acre of land and includes the terms of the note. The deed was to be prepared at a later date because of pending litigation on for a boiler plant, general repair work, and manufacture of stacks, breeching and tanks.

	This letter is addressed to I. McQuilkin, Comptroller, from the General Agent in Johnson City, Tennessee. It is a request for a bill in the amount of $250 to be sent to the Clinchfield Portland Cement Corporation in Kingsport for one concrete mixer. The concrete mixer was salvaged from machinery that was collateral for a loan that was not repaid by the Dixie Concrete Company.

	An article appearing in the Little Crab newspaper recounting the travels of Massachusetts capitalists, named the Worcester Party, who visited oil wells and coal mines from Cincinnati to Chattanooga. It details heir stay in Rugby, Tennessee, and across Tennessee, including Knoxville and Nashville. The sketch of Bob`s Bar Well is based on a photograph in this collection.

	This Newspaper clipping is from The Weekly Crescent of Livingston, Tennessee, which is reprinting news from the Fentress County Gazette. The last 3 paragraphs are about oil in Fentress County. Bob`s Bar well increased production to over twenty barrels a day. J. H. Compton, President of the Inter State Petroleum Company, owner of the well, and a party of eastern capitalists were expected to visit. They were contemplating the construction of a refinery in the area, and the editors expected "much good from their visit." Newspaper editor is touted as "The meanest white man in America." Locations: Fentress and Overton Counties Keyword: Bob`s Bar Well (to link to photos and other article) 2 tifs

	In Negro dialect, Dorothy Dix as Mirandy writes, "I see, says my daughter, Ma`y Jane, whut has been to de cemetery an got de higher education, de odder night whilst she was readin` de paper, "I see dat de convention of de National Milliners" Association has been discussion" de psychology of bonnets." My lan`." Sclaims I, I didn`t know dat nothin` ailed hats except de price." "Hit ain`t de hat," `spons Ma`y Jane, "hit`s de woman under de hat. A woman`s soul is in her hat, as it were, so to speak,` goes on Ma`y Jane, who suttinly does use grand language, and for dat reason dere ought to be mo` affinity betwixt a lady`s mug an de millinery creation dat sh puts on top of hit."

	Dorothy Dix was America`s highest paid and most widely read female journalist at the time of her death. Mirandy as Dorothy Dix, writes, "De greatedst thing in dis world, declared Mirandy with conviction, is to know when you are well off, an be able to recognized yo blessins at sight, instid of mistakin` dem for tribulations..."

	Dorothy Dix writes about the American girl. She writes, "This difference between the girls of the various sections of the country is not merely superficial. It is mental, moral and sartorial, and it is what makes the American girl the most fascinating woman on earth because she is a creature of infinite variety, with different ways of looking at things, and even of loving." "She looks at every man as a possible hero of romance."

	Dorothy Dix wrote autobiographical material in the Public Ledger pamphlet. This pamphlet begins, "To Elizabeth Meriwether Gilmer (Dorothy Dix) millions of women and hundreds of thousands of men, intimate problems that vex the human soul. She is the mother confessor of those who have strayed from the narrow path; the big sister of the troubled and perplexed..."

	Do girls get married for lack of other employment? Professor Franklin Giddings says that the effect of factory work on women is to put off the marrying day... This newspaper clipping was discovered in Dix`s scrap book.

	Dorothy Dix who in private life is Mrs. Elizabeth M. Gilmer, whose brilliant articles on the editorial page of the New York Journal have attracted wide attention, is to be one of the prominent speakers at the meeting of the International Woman`s Suffrage Association in Washington on February 13 and 14. She will speak for the newspaper woman. She writes, "I was born and raised on a big racehorse farm in Montgomery County, Tennessee, where I grew up with thoroughbred colts and little Negroes, the two things I really understand best, and that I can never refrain from writing about long at a time."

	An extensive 40-page brochure for Ruskin Cave College, in Ruskin, Tennessee. The community existed in Dickson, Tennessee, 50 miles west of Nashville. The school was limited to 200 students of both sexes, with a strong Christian ethic. The brochure includes lists of courses, colleges, societies, regulations, instructions for enrollment and preparation, matriculates by state and county, as well as other information regarding the college. In addition to academics, Ruskin Cave College had non-team athletics, and manditory military drilling for both men and women.

	R. E. Smith, A. M., B. D, President of Ruskin Co-operative Association; Ruskin, Tennessee; extolls the talents of their music and art teachers, including Professor Nunvar from Prague, Mrs. Dunbar from Chicago, the rest graduates of RCC. Last page is the envelope, with stamp and postmark.

	Portion of an audit from several issues bound with twine as part of a deposition in lawsuit against the RCA ; Exhibit "D" of Rogers Deposition, Filed Jan 12, 1899; Financial information combined with news reports of work going on at Ruskin Co-operative Association.

	Vol II, Number 2 of the Ruskin Reporter. This is a financial report for the Ruskin Co-operative Association, a socialist eutopian society in Ruskin, Tennessee, filed Jan 12, 1899. It breaks up all the work of the members according to what was grown or manufactured, i.e. butchering, barns, blacksmith, bakery.

	Tennessee City, Tennessee; Charter of a community in middle Tennessee formed on the princeples of socialism. "Organized under the Mining and Manufacturing Charter Laws of the State." The co-operative shall operate manufacturing plants, farm land, as well as be a place for members to live, complete with recreational activities. Each member is to receive one share in the organization and it is not to be traded either within or outside of the community.

	Entire publication is 53 pages long; Discusses the state of the workers, statistics about, equality for women, settles the "negro question" with a form of separate-but-equal communities. Included here is Part I, and introduction: "Union of all for the welfare of all." A few title pages and an introduction to the socialist message are included. Copyright 1896, Ruskin Co-operative Association

	This is a marriage bond for $1250 to the State of Tennessee, signed by Joseph Brown and Flavius McBride for Brown`s marriage to Miss Icey Bledsoe.

	This is a $10,000 bond to administer the estate of William Sisk issued on April 6, 1857. Additional signers of the bond include Greed A. Taylor, R. Walker, Daniel T. Brown, H. Rutherford, and Joseph Brown.

	Elijah Ward was appointed the guardian of two orphans, Nancy and James Howard. James H. Pass entered bound himself in the oath as well, in the sum of $800, to the Justices of the court - Thomas Eastland, John Bryan David Mitchell and Joseph Herd.

	Warrant to the Sheriff of White County, Tennessee to bring Samuel Wilson to the County Court, to be held before the Chairman on the first Monday in April, 1871, on a charge of Bastardy. The warrant does not list the mother of the illegitimate child.

	This is a letter from Franklin Roosevelt to William Hastie thanking him for the "nice letter" he received on July 3rd. Mr. Roosevelt was "glad...to hear his appointment was a happy one." Mr. Hastie was born in Knoxville, Tennessee in 1904 and graduated from Harvard Law School in 1930. He was the first black federal judge in the United States. After serving in this capacity for the Virgin Islands, he became governor of the territory from 1946-1949.

	This is a letter from former president of the United States, Harry Truman, to governor of the Virgin Islands, William H. Hastie. Mr. Truman expresses his confidence in Mr. Hastie`s ability to govern, his wishes for people of the Virgin Islands in working towards self-government, as well as his regret that he could not be there.

	This is a program for the Graduating Exercises of the Forth Normal Class of Knoxville College. There are 12 parts to the performance of this sacred material.

	This article, appearing in The Aurora newspaper, in Knoxville, Tennessee covers the events surrounding a protest in which 53 persons were arrested for picketing the Tennessee and Bijou Theatres who refused enterance to black students. The accompanying photograph includes Tennessee native, Marion Barry (left), two-time mayor of Washinton, D.C.

	This is a fundraising pamphlet for 500 dollars to finish building Hannington Chapel in Nashville, Tennessee. The chapel commemorates Bishop James Hannington of Eastern Equatorial Africa who was martyred for his faith on August 28th, 1885, in Usoga (Busoga), Uganda.

	This publication of the Hardeman County Training School in Whiteville, Tennessee includes information about the school`s classes, buildings, clubs, and the sponsors of the pamphlet.

	This is a school paper of Allen-White High School in Whiteville, Tennessee. This African-American school was built with assistance from the Rosenwald Fund. The Fund was established by Julius Rosenwald, CEO of Sears Roebuck Co., to provide money for the construction of African-American schools.

	This excerpt from the school district newsletter provides the calender for "white" and "negro" schools. Whiteville in Hardeman County had an African-American school: Allen-White High School.

	This is an Allen-White High School newspaper. The African-American school was built with assistance from the Rosenwald Fund of Julius Rosenwald, CEO of Sears Roebuck Co.. The school was located in Whiteville, Tennessee.

	This is a fund raising letter for Allen-White High School in Whiteville, Tennessee. The African-American school was built with assistance from the Rosenwald Fund.

	This report lists the materials used in a home economics classroom at an African-American school in Whiteville, Tennessee. The school was built with assistance from the Rosenwald Fund.

	This is a photograph of Myrtle Robertson, a home economics teacher at Allen-White High School in Whiteville, Tennessee. The African-American school was one of several built with help from the Rosenwald Fund. The newspaper was The Mid-South Weekly: "A Newspaper Devoted To The Negro Race In The Mid-South".

	This is a school paper of Allen-White High School in Whiteville, Tennessee. This African-American school was built with help from the Rosenwald Fund. The Rosenwald Fund was established by Julius Rosenwald, CEO of Sears Roebuck Co., to provide money for the construction of African-American schools.

	This university bulletin contains an article about the Rosenwald Fund, and a picture of the fund`s director, Alfed K. Sterne. The fund was established by Julius Rosenwald, CEO of Sears Roebuck, to help build African-American schools. One such school was White-Allen High School in Whiteville, Tennessee.

	This is an article from the magazine Opportunity: Journal of Negro Life, that discusses Allen-White School for Negroes in Whiteville, Tennessee. This school was one of several built with assistance from the Rosenwald Fund.

	This booklet details the history of one of several African-American schools built in Tennessee with help from Julius Rosenwald, CEO of Sears Roebuck, and Booker T. Washington. Mr Rosenwald managed the Rosenwald Fund which provided matching grants to communities for building of African-American schools. This school was built in Whiteville, Hardeman County, Tennessee.

	This is an advertising pamphlet for a Summer Resort and health spa outside of Bolivar, TN.

	This is a book about the history of the Battle of Corinth written by Quinnie Armour, a resident and historian of Bolivar, in Hardeman County, Tennessee. This account is unique because Mr. Armour interviewed soldiers who had fought in the battle.

	This is a letter written by Mary B. Bryan, wife of William Jennings Bryan, thanking Wallace C. Haggard for the hospitality shown in their trip to Washington, D.C. Haggard was a prosecuting attorney in the Scopes trial.

	This is an article from William Jennings Bryan`s newspaper, The Commoner. It was published in Lincoln, Nebraska, and appears in Vol. 23, No. 1, Whole Number 765. Also stated: William J. Bryan as editor and proprietor. The article argues that it is not fair or Constitutional for Darwinism to be taught in school since, like Catholicism and Protestantism, it is a religion and should be taught in a private Darwinist school.

	This is a letter written by William Jennings Bryan to Wallace C. Haggard, discussing the logistics of a banquet in his honor. He also offers examples of possitive trends he has notice: newspapers sympathetic with creationists, debates in California that have gone well.

	Notes included in file: "Haggard was a young lawyer in Dayton at the time of the Scopes trial. Introduction of William jennings Bryan by Wallace C. Haggard, at reception and dinner in his honor on arrival in Dayton, Tennessee." Wallace Haggard was on the side of the prosecution with William Jennings Bryan.

	This is a campaign for the creation of Bryan Memorial University, or Bryan College. Their target is to raise 5 million dollars, half for equipment, half towards an endowment. Their strategy is to appeal to fundamentalists across the nation who were moved by the Scopes trial, of which William Jennings Bryan was their advocate. It includes a 2 page layout of a sketch of the proposed plans for a campus.

	This is a statement of belief for faculty of Bryan College to sign annually, stating that they believe in the underlying Christian beliefs that form the foundation of the institution. An introductory paragraph states that this is in accordance with the college Charter and the mission of the board of trustees.

	This charter lays down the mission, Christian principles, and by-laws of Bryan College. Bryan College was founded in memory of Scopes trial attourney, William Jennings Bryan. The major changes in the by-laws set for this the charter deal with increasing the size of the board of trustees and reducing restrictions placed on them.

	The Third Sunday Services program of the Sais Society, a student organization at the Tennessee A [amp] I State Normal School, commemorates the annual sermon service. The Sais Society, founded in 1919, encouraged scholarship and honored students with a minimum grade of 80 per cent in literary and vocational subjects, and a general average of at least 85 per cent. On May 15, 1921, Dr. Edwin Mims of Vanderbilt University gave the sermon and President William J. Hale made announcements. Included with this program is a yearbook photograph of the society.

	The 1938 Tennessee State College Homecoming game versus Lane College, which took place on November 24, 1938 at 2:30 P.M. was commemorated by this souvenir program. It contains photographs of President William J. Hale, Professor Forrest W. Strange, Miss Tennessee State College Dora Farrington, the Fire Commissioner Luther Luton, the football team, and various sororities, fraternities and clubs. It was published by Hemphill Press of Nashville, Tennessee.

	The heading of this check reads, Head-Quarters 14th Army Corps, Department of the Cumberland. It is from the Provost Marshal General`s Office paid for by the order of Maj. Gen. W. S. Rosecrans; Mrs. [Anne] Claiborne lived at Travellers Rest during the Civil War.

	This is a pamphlet detailing the efforts - in 1938 - to create the first blood bank in the South, and only the fourth in the entire country. Dr. Lemuel Whitley Diggs, of the University of Tennessee`s College of Medicine in Memphis, was instrumental in this effort.

	This is a ledger containing the labels from a variety of products sold by Robinson Apothecary in Memphis, TN, in the early 20th Century.

	This is a ledger containing flattened boxes that evidence the variety of products sold by Robinson Apothecary, of Memphis, TN, in the early 20th Century.

	This is a nomination by the Washington, Carter and Unicoi Country Medical Society of Arthur Jackson Willis for outstanding general practicioner of Tennessee for the year 1952. The manuscript includes as biography of his life and a history of his achievements.

	A letter written by Representative Walter Preston Brownlow to Paul E. Divine discussing both friendly and legal matters.

	Newspaper clipping describing a spelling contest for colored people held at Dover School, which included contestants from the following schools in Stewart County: Glover, Tobaccoport, Dover, and Cumberland City.

	Newspaper article about the history of Midway School, a one-teacher school in rural southwestern Stewart County. At the time, it had an enrollment of 25 students. In addition to the history of the school, the article discusses the history of the coal and iron furnaces in the area, as well as the arrival of T.V.A. and Kentucky Lake, which displaced many families.

	Newspaper article clipping discussing a program supporting the war effort and the sale of war bonds at Hayes Fork School, Stewart County, Tennessee.

	Small newspaper clipping descriping the efforts of the teachers and community of Tharpe School, realizing the fact that the boys and girls lived in a world torn by war in 1943, to combine their efforts "toward the promoting of our war effort at large." They also encouraged church attendance.

	This newspaper clipping describes activities of the school, such as providing hot cereal with cream and sugar during cold weather, intended to provide for the children and so that the children will "realize the value of co-operative planning and living." Additionally, students learned what it meant to be an American citizen, including the duty in war time to "take care of all materials, get along with less, avoid spreading rumors, buy War Bonds and Stamps, help in Salvage campaigns, practice personal safety and follow health rules."

	This document is entitled Planning for Kingsport, Sullivan County, Tennessee, May 1943. Pages 2-4 are text and include Kingsport is a Planned Community; Planning for a City is Never Finished; Kingsport Municipal Planning Commission; Planning for Parks and Recreation Areas; Planning for Traffic; Other Master Plans Will Follow; Planning for the Surrounding Area; Conclusion. Page 5 is entitled Preliminary Master Plan for Major Streets, Parks and Recreation Areas and is a key to the map on Page 6.

	These newspaper clippings were written two months before the beginning of the Civil War. Articles include Six of the Market House Voters, which is about 34 men who voted for Secession and states only 4 were slave holders and 30 were oppressed by the General Government; the second clipping appears to be a poem or lyrics and is entitled God Save Our Noble Union, written by H. Clay Preuss; Wants to Purchase a Negro; and Clerk`s Sale advertising sale of town lots and a Negro woman, written by M. L. Hall, Clerk.

	This political broadside advocates against the re-election of Judge S. G. Gilbreath, Jr. Created by a group calling itself "A Group of Citizens Interested In Just and Equal Law Enforcement", the broadside accuses Gilbreath of mistreating citizens and being a raging alcoholic. The group claims to have all statements backed by signed legal affidavits stored "in a safe deposit box at a Kingsport bank."

	This narrative report, prepared in compliance with the Tennessee Department of Public Health certification system, is a study on the condition of Kingsport`s water system. The report provides current conditions of the water system as of 1946 as well as a history of the creation of the Kingsport water system.

	This souvenir program commemorates the Fourteenth Annual Convention of the Tennessee Firemen`s Association, May 26-28, 1947, hosted by the Governing Body of Kingsport. On the cover is a fire station with the caption Kingsport, Tennessee, The Industrial City. There is a handwritten note on the top left corner that reads, Donated to Kingsport Archives by Bobby J. Dean, Deputy Fire Chief. Included are pictorial sections of officers of the Tennessee Firemen`s Association, City of Kingsport government officials, and Kingsport Firemen. Also included is a history of Kingsport, some advertisements, and the program for the three-day event.

	A letter from Nancy Reagan written on The White House stationery expressing her deep concern for the drug epidemic among young people and gratitude for those attending Kingsport`s Community Drug Awareness Week. Also included is a Proclamation signed by the Mayor of Kingsport, C. N. Spencer, declaring October 3-10, 1982, as Community Drug Awareness Week.

	This report is an appeal to the citizens of Kingsport to write to their County Executive in support of a safe and humane detention facility for juvenile offenders, instead of incarcerating them in adult jails under deplorable conditions.

	This tentative organization chart, dated May 1968, is a visual aid for the League of Women Voters 50th Anniversary Campaign Organization, beginning at the top with the National Board and working downwards to the Local League Solicitors.

	The title of this commemorative brochure is entitled At the Crossroads and is a proclamation signed by J. H. Lewis, Mayor, attested by E. L. Shelor, City Recorder, displays the City of Kingsport seal, and is dated 14th day of April 1969. Other information in this brochure includes League Sponsors Comment on Our Program; Milestones Along the Way; Signposts to the Future; and League of Women Voters of Kingsport 50th Anniversary Campaign lists of committee names and members, including the Committee, Men`s Advisory Committee, and Sponsors.

	The theme of this newsletter centers around the front-page heading, Vote on Election Day Nov. 5, 1968. The newsletter also includes upcoming Public Meetings; the League Calendar; announcement of a Buffet Dinner for Our Legislators; Voting Machine Demonstration times; a League Quiz; DHR `68 Half Way to the First Milepost; League Building Day-A Broadening Experience; Science Series on TV Channel 2; Who Needs the UN?; Mainland China and Her Asian Neighbors; Fiscal Policy Concerns Your Money; and Congressional Redistricting Summary.

	Testimony Before the Finance, Ways and Means Committees of the House and Senate, General Assembly, dated March 12, 1977, Blountville, Tenn. Presented by Susan Bradford, Chairman of the Human Resources Committee, this document describes deep concern for Tennesseans living below the poverty level and on the Aid for Families with Dependent Children (AFDC program). It discusses in detail the inequities between the 1969 Standard of Need and the new Ratable Reduction method used to compute monies allocated to dependent families in light of inflation. It concludes with an appeal for children of Tennessee.

	This pamphlet is a celebration of 40 years of the existence of the League of Women Voters in Kingsport-Sullivan County. The cover dates are from 1939-1977; however, the inclusive dates on the first page of text are 1937-1977. The pamphlet includes a Presidential Roll of Honor; an essay on the organizers written by Lib Taylor, President, 1943-44; Beginnings - Eastern Tennessee by Kate Hincke, President, 1939-1941; Recruiting a President, Clarice Johnson`s Account, President, 1941-1943; and IT HAS MADE A DIFFERENCE IN FORTY YEARS list in Kingsport, in Sullivan County, in Tennessee and in the Nation.

	This letter from P. S. Wilcox to George E. Penn, Jr., indicates enclosure of a check for $2.75 he contributed to a Christmas campaign for the incarcerated in the City Jail at Kingsport. Mr. Wilcox also suggests that they get together to build decent facilities to replace the City Jail at Kingsport and the County Jail at Blountville. Copies of the letter were sent to Mr. J. Fred Johnson, Mr. J. C. White, and Mr. J. C. Stone.

	In a letter from Mr. J. Fred Johnson of Kingsport Improvement to John A. Miller, president of the Pennsylvania-Dixie Cement Corporation in New York, Johnson discusses his success in a recent election involving labor relations. He states that his telephone rang for two days after the election, with calls coming from "scores and scores of working people."

	This is the first edition of the campus newspaper of Jackson State Community College in Jackson, Tennessee. Inside is an editorial on the Vietnam war, sports, classes, and even pictures of student life.

	This document is taken from a portion of a much larger history of Jackson State Community College in Jackson, Tennessee. There is no date or author attributed to the document.

	This is a whimsical "will and testament" from the faculty of Jackson State Community College, in Jackson, Tennessee, upon moving into to the new facilities of the new college.

	This is a bulletin from the official opening ceremonies for Jackson State Community College in Jackson, Tennessee.

	This certificate makes official that C. H. Ryan of Montgomery County, Tennessee has become a member of the Dark Tobacco Growers Cooperative Association. It has been signed by Bradshaw, President, and Still, secretary. Interesting text states that he is "doing his share to abolish speculation and waste and to stabilize the tobacco markets in the interest of the growers of tobacco and for the betterment of his County and his State."

	This Lien issued by L.H. Ryan, landlord, claims an amount of $140 owed as a landlord`s lien against George Person, tenant of Hickory Point, Tennessee. The land and supplies were furnished for the growing of tobacco. The form has been addressed to the Dark Tobacco Grower`s Association, in Hopkinsville, Ky.

	This contract between W.J. Richardson, a tobacco farmer, and Henry A. Wallace, the Secretary of Agriculture, deals with adjustments made to tobacco production in accordance with the New Deal program, The Agricultural Adjustment Act, ammended on May 12, 1933. The purpose of the Act was to pay farmers to reduce their crop area, and thus increase its value. The Act was considered the first farm bill, and the beginning of what are referred to today as agricultural subsidies.

	Receipt for one hogshead of tobacco bought of E.P. Turnley of Elephant [amp] Production Warehouses. The signature of the purchaser is difficult to read, though his first initials might be E.L. There is an attractive illustration in the upper left-hand corner of the receipt.

	This postcard of the loose tobacco market report of February 21, 1929 includes sales for the week, season and last season for Springfield and Clarksville, Tennessee and Hopkinsville, Kentucky. The card was sent by S. Th. Haldimann of Clarksville, Tennessee to Gustav H. Rasch of Bremen, Germany on Feb 4, 1929. On the reverse side, are are interesting examples of stamps and post marks from the time.

	This business card is for Herndon, Hallums [amp] Co., tobacco salesmen. Listed on the top of the card are (Possible partners) T. Herndon, C. R. Hallums, J. T. Edwards and Tom P. Major. Grange Warehouse, Clarksville, Tennessee 1 tif

	This business card is for the tobacco prizing services of one D.W. Whaley from Clarksville, Tennessee. The card includes promises as to the quality of the business, including free hogheads furnished to all farmers sending their tobacco by rail or by river.

	This receipt documents the sale of one hogshead of tobacco from Kendrick, Pettus, [amp] Co. to Mr. E.M. Flack in 1889. Mr. Wilcox is apparently the signing clerk for Mr. Flack. Marks for the seller are made by one T.W. Lewis. Prices and total are listed in detail.

	This receipt is for the sale of one hogshead of tobacco by Kendrick [amp] Runyon to E.C. Murrow [amp] Co.

	This receipt, incorporated by the Planters` Protective Association documents the Sale by Jas. H. Smith [amp] Son, Elephant and Protection Warehouses of one remnant tobacco to the American Snuff Co. The payment was made for the account of F. L. Ussery.

	This contract binds the presale of entire tobacco crop to E. C. Morrow [amp] Bro. on May 1, 1890 from the owner York Liggan. Mr. Liggan agrees to deliver it in "good keeping," meaning free of damaged tobacco, and "neatly "straightened and bulked" to be tied in "small hands of leaves." A price by weight is agreed upon and both parties sign at the bottom.

	This advertisement is for Torino Cigar Co., whose slogan is "the World`s Finest Hand Made Cigar." The logo shows a crest with a boxing bull laid over a red, yellow and black ribbon. According to the ad they sold 10c each package.

	This receipt is for one hogshead of tobacco; with prices - the total charges equaling $141.75. There is an illustration of the Queen City House above.

	J. A. Bates [amp] Co. Clarksville Foundry and Machine Shop, located in Clarksville, Tennessee. Beginning October 1, 1868 sent this notice that they were manufacturing three sizes of their "celebrated Iron Prize Screws." Above is an illustration of their No. 1 Screw. The ad lists names of individuals who use the screws and their authorized agents and locations.

	This advertisement in The Clarksville Chronicle of June 4, 1840 concerns new groceries just received by the Steamer Rocky Mountain, directly from New Orleans. Among the items listed are 100 sacks of coffee, 250 boxes of various sizes of raisins, 200 boxes of table salt, 100 pounds of almonds, 20 boxes of cod fish, 10 boxes of lemons, different varieties of tea, 10 boxes of claret wine, 10 boxes of "Champaine Wine," various barrels, casks or boxes of Holland Gin, Old Jamaica Rum, Malaga Wine, Port and Madiera Wine, candles, shot and spices such as pepper, allspice, cinnamon and mustard.

	Printed in the June 4, 1840 edition of the Clarksville Chronicle. The Mayor and Aldermen of Clarksville ordained that the owners of property on Franklin Street grade and pave their side walks by January 1st, with the instruction that the "pavement to be made of Brick [amp] the curb stone not to exceed six inches above the curbing of the dranes." It seems interesting that this ad appears in the paper 5 months after the work should have been completed.

	Williams [amp] Barker advertise themselves as agents for Messrs. Bowe [amp] Crenshaw of New Orleans. They will attend to the shipment of tobacco from any landing on the Cumberland River that is destined for Bowe [amp] Crenshaw.

	Advertisement in a newspaper for the sale of two servants - actually slaves - a 26-year-old woman and a 30-year-old man "of approved character and habits" to sell or exchange for two field hands. No name is given for the seller; instead it says to "enquire at office."

	The petition states that Sally Parnell "resides beyond the limits of Tennessee" and requires her to appear before the next term of the Circuit Court in June, 1840. The petition was posted for the Dickson County Court by the Clerk and Master, J. C. Collier.

	This editorial is from The Clarksville Chronicle of June 4, 1840, though the dateline on the story is May 18, 1840, from St. Augustine, Florida. The article describes in laudatory words the actions of Captain Rains in fighting the Seminoles of Florida near St. Augustine after an Indian attack upon his men. The captain was mortally wounded by the chief Alectuatenugge, and then avenged by his Sergeant Jackson.

	The article appeared in The Clarksville Chronicle, June 4, 1840, Vol. 4, No. 32. It was reprinted from The Constitutionalist, described as a "leading Federal Van Buren Organ in the Key Stone State" of Pennsylvania. The editorial describes anti-Southern, anti-Polk sentiment in choosing a Vice-President at the 1840 Democratic Convention in Baltimore. it speaks of the "political despotism of Tennessee and Alabama." The convention was unable to decide on a Vice Presidential candidate, but most went for Johnson, the man supported by this editorialist.

	This is a petition filed with the Ciruit Court of Benton County, Tennessee for the citizenship of Nagole Naifeh, a native of Turkey.

	This is a petition filed with the Circuit court of Benton County, Tennessee for the citizenship of S.M. Naifeh, a Turkey native.

	Claims filed by Benton County, Tennessee, citizens after the Civil War for damages caused by the Confederate Army. The document includes an inventory of the damages. The Confederate Army is referred to in the document as the Rebel Army. The Civil War is identified as the Rebellion. The claim had to include witnesses who could vouch that the claimant had never given "aid, comfort, countenance, or encouragement" to the rebellion.

	Parole for A. McKissack by John L. Wilson, Captain and Assistant Provost Marshal, stating taht McKissack will not take up arms or do any duty usually performed by a soldier and that he is to be allowed to return home wihout being disturbed. Dated May 18, 1865 in Memphis, Tennessee.

	This is a poster directed at the Republicans of James County, Tennessee announcing the voting places for the primary election of the County`s Sheriff, Circuit Court Clerk, Trustee, County Court Clerk, and Register, as well as district chairmen.

	This is Vol. 37 No. 36 of the Chattanooga Kiwanian newsletter issued weekly by the Kiwainis Club. The theme of the next meeting is "Freedom-Our Sacred Trust". It includes a little of what happened in the previous meeting, and what is to come in that week. Also, there are reminders and attendance make-up lists.

	This is Vol. 35 No. 52 of the weekly issued Chattanooga Kiwanian newsletter. The theme of the meeting is "Freedom is not free". It announces that they will be installing their new officers for the new year, the committees, and the objectives for the 1952 year.

	The Colored Orphanage of Chattanooga was located on Holly Street in the early 20th century. This flyer is a poetic advertisement asking for donations including clothes, food, furniture and money. The appeal states that their are currently sixty-seven children in the orphanage.

	These images are ads in the Chattanooga Daily Times newspaper for a promotion of Charles Lindbergh`s visit to Chattanooga in 1928 and for promotion of airport bonds in the amount of $250,000 for building a municipal airport in the area. The vote was to take place on Tuesday, November 6, 1928.

	An original copy of the Monday Evening October 27, 1834 "Daily Evening Transcript" volume 5, number 1290, published in Boston, Massachusetts. Page 2 contains a story about The Hermitage being damaged by fire. The fire occured on October 13, 1834.

	An account of the "bloody deeds" of general jackson, who reportedly authorized the execution of 6 militia men.

	The selections from Ivy Leaves, the yearbook of the Columbia Female Institute, include class photographs, a description and history of the uniform the young ladies wore in 1848 and 1909, the Senior Class Will and various photographs of the school.

	This copy of the Grades and Regulations of the Public Schools of Gallatin, Tennessee dates from 1888. It was published in Gallatin by Examiner Print. The publication identified C. S. Douglass as Superintendent, with Col. Thomas Boyers, B. F. Allen, Dr. T. M. Woodson, Capt. O. H. Foster, Hon. J. W. Blackmore and Thomas H. King as members of the Board of Education. It lists the teachers at the Main Street School and the South Gallatin Colored School. For first grade through eighth grade, it lists subjects offered and textbooks used. The pamphlet also includes rules and regulations for students, teachers and the superintendent.

	A daily market report from the Memphis Cotton Exchange in 1876.

	An advertisement by a Chicago hat company from the early 20th century. It advertises to individuals interested in doing direct sales. This and many other product advertisements are in the papers of store owner R.V. Taylor.

	The dedicatory sermon for Shiloh Memorial Church, in Shilohville, Tennessee, given by Rev. W.T. Harris, D.D., of the Memphis Conference.The dedication took place twenty-two years after the Civil War battle of Shiloh. Published by Anchor Printing House in Union City, Tennessee.

	Volume 4, number 4 of the Woman`s Missionary Advocate, a publication of the Methodist Episcopal Church, South in Nashville, Tennessee.

	Catalogue of the Officers and Students of the Memphis Conference Female Institute for the collegiate year ending June 19th, 1867, which contains the names of students and professors as well as the Institute`s curriculum and rules.

	According to the last page the call, titled the "Southern Cross Drill," was composed by Lt. Charles Dugan in 1864 while a prisoner of war at Johnson`s Island, Sandusky Bay, Lake Erie.

	A speech given before the Teacher`s Institute at Jackson, Tennessee. The speech discuss what type of education is proper for a woman without ruining her for her domestic duties. Published by J.G. Cisco of Jackson, Tennessee.

	A certificate recognizing Amos Blanch Jones as a Deacon in the Methodist Episcopal Church. Dr. Amos Blanch Jones was president of Memphis Conference Female Institute in Jackson, Tennessee, from 1878-1880 and 1897-1911.

	A license to preach for Amos Blanch Jones who was president of Memphis Conference Female Institute in Jackson, Tennessee, from 1878-1880 and 1897-1911.

	Dr. Amos Blanch Jones, who was president of Memphis Conference Female Institute in Jackson, Tennessee, from 1878-1880, and 1897-1911, responds to a query about the lives of Confederate veterans.

	A document certifying that A. B. Jones is "a male inhabitant" of Tennessee, and a "Union" man, and therefore legal to vote.

	A document from the Secretary of War certifying the Civil War service of Hickman for the Pension Office of Tennessee.

	A song sheet produced for a meeting of Confederate veterans in Chattanooga, Tennessee.

	A poem "dedicated with love to all Confederates."

	A program from a conference held by the Tennessee League of Women Voters in Memphis, Tennessee. The conference was in celebration of the passage of the Marriage Bill in 1929.

	A certificate showing Cordell Hull`s honorary membership in the Smith County Young Democrat Club.

	This receipt is parts of the John L. DeBow Estate Settlement in 1901. It has an interesting image for "Calf-killer pants" and was mailed as postcard from McMinnville, Tennessee on March 16, 1900.

	A receipt from the Bissell Chilled Plow Works in South Bend, Indiana for the sale of "points" and "bolts" to Mr. J.L. DeBow of Dixon Springs, Tennessee on December 13, 1899.

	A form signed by Andrew Johnson when he was governor of Tennessee appointing three Justices of the Peace in Smith County. Notice the Tennessee State Sealat the top left that has the symbols for Agriculture and Commerce on it.

	A bill for $15 from M.J. Coleman at the Nashville Marble Works for 1 headstone and 1 footstone for Ann Reeves, which was paid by Mr. G. M. Stevens.

	Document detailing the name change of Martin College to Martin Methodist College. Detailed location: Record of Charter, Book 3.

	Ammendment to the Charter of Incorporation of Martin College, a Methodist College. Yow signed July 16, 1986; then to State where Gentry Crowell, Sec. of State signed on Aug. 1, 1986, by Carolyn Pinson; then to Giles County, where it was filed in the Register`s office on Aug 11, 1986 by the Register, Virginia G. Cole in Charter Book 6.

	Notice for the sale of Elk River Lands, to be sold on Saturday, October 24th, 1874, by H.H. Aymett. The land has a good "gin and press," 2 or more lasting springs, and is well adapted to corn and cotton culture, as well as stock raising.

	The excerpts from the souvenir program include the cover and 4 inside page detailing the cast and committees that put on the minstrel shows, as well as a report of the disbursement to the families of 306 underprivileged children in Wilson County.

	"Jobs Are Important," encouraging people to spend their money in Wilson County and a letter from the president of the club, Tommy Bryan.

	This is an invitation to a high school commencement in Lebanon, Tennessee. Commencement was at 8:00 P.M. on May 23, 1947 in the school auditorium. The school mascot, the blue devil, is on the front page. Interior has class colors of yellow and black, the class flower is the yellow rose bud.

	This is an invitation signed by Hazo Carter to a Wilson County High School commencement in Lebanon, Tennessee. It is to take place Thursday, May 18, 1939 in the school auditorium.

	This pamphlet is from the graduation commencement excercises of Market Street School, an African-American school in Lebanon, TN. It includes a program, the class roll, the faculty, and the class officers and honors studnets.

	This pamphlet shows the "Eighth-Grade Promotion Exercises" for Market Street School, an African-American elementary school in Lebanon, Tennessee. It listes the faculty, program, and class roll.

	This is a deed to Pickett`s Chapel sold by J.B. Booth to Reuban Hale, William Harlan, W. A. Thompson, J.B. Scruggs, James McGregor, J.T. Richardson, and Nellie Richardson.

	W.L. Mason: $25.00 for share of stock. Verso side reads: I assign the within Certificate of Stock in the Roberston County Agriculture and Mechanical Association to G. Rose Randolph for value rec`d. November 16th, 1869, W.L. Mason."

	WWII certificate for supporting the war effort by growing food for self-sustainability. Awarded to Mr. and Mrs. Longmires of Jackson, Tennessee. Awarded by the director of Agricultural Extension at the University of Tennessee and other government oficials involved in the program. Governor of Tennessee at the time, December 21, 1944, was Prentice Cooper.

	This is a public notice of the sale of F.W. Waggoneer land to take place on Saturday, October 7, 1933.

	This is a notice of the sell of land to take place on Saturday, May 3, 1930.

	This is a book of the revised charters and ordinances in Lynchburg, TN. Noted names: John T. Cunningham, Jr (Speaker of the House of Representatives); E.G. Tollett (Speaker of the State).

	This is a Certificate for Patriotic Service and envelope honoring Roy Copeland.

	This is a receipt for the subscription of The Progressive Farmer Ruralist Co. It is published also in Raleigh, NC, Birmingham, AL, and Dallas, TX.

	This document shows a list of products needed/used for the war through the war production program. The reverse side gives the year`s quota.

	This is a list of inventory for a farm defense program for Frank Erwin. Frank Erwin is associated with AAA Committeman.

	This is a court document on the case of C.H. Edde charged with manufacturing liquor.

	This is a camp forrest pass for George A. Hampton, Laborer.

	This is an official ballot for the Corporation Election. Candidates are: For Mayor, Harwell Tipps Jr.; For Recorder, Roy H Parks Jr.; For Treasurer, Carl Copeland.

	The Chester County High School yearbook, called the Reverie, for the class of 1930. The yearbook is dedicated to W.E. Montgomery and Mrs. Annie Davidson. This copy of the Reverie belonged to a musically inclined girl named LaVelle, who donated it to the collection. Within the class poem there is a stanza dedicated to her with brackets drawn around it with marker. The "prophesy" and "jokes" sections are quite charming.

	This is the course catalog for the 1909-1910 term of Southern Tennessee Normal and Business Institute in Essay Springs, Tennessee. Writing on the top says, "Donated by the baily family." The catalog includes a segment of testimonials by professors at other esteemed colleges touting the 20th Century Bookkeeping and Office Practices taught at the college.

	Annual catalog for Georgia Robertson Christian College and Business Institution, which would later morph into Freed-Hardeman University; located in Henderson, Tennessee. In addition to mission, policies, course listings and tuition costs, there is also an enrollment list of students as well as a faculty list (with pictures).

	Course catalog for the 1908-1909 term at National Teachers` Normal and Business College in Hendersonville, Tennessee. The college aims to educate both teachers and business professionals alike, and offers degrees in a number of liberal arts pursuits as well. In addition to course listings, the catalog advertises the school`s mission, philosophy, and credentials. Two pictures of the college are included.

	Report card from Jackson County Central High School in Gainesboro, Tennessee. Instead of a grade for many classes, it gives "class standing" amongst the total pupils in class. She studied spelling, history, grammar, algebra, Latin, composition and sewing.

	From the March-April 1852 edition of The Guardian Letters and circulars written in support of Reverend Franklin Gillette Smith in the wake of accusations of his alleged improprieties with a female student, which led to a scandal causing Bishop Otey to demand his resignation. Columbia rallied in support of Smith, and Otey`s subsequent unpopularity led him to move his family to Memphis. The first letter was signed by over 50 people listed as "Patrons of the Institute" and over 170 "Citizens of Columbia." Sarah Ann Smith, the wife of Rev. Smith, wrote a letter to the editor of the local Maury Intelligencer, which is reprinted in The Guardian. Finally, there is a circular by various Commissioners who pledge to financially support a new female institute in or near Columbia to be run by Reverend Smith.

	Articles entitled "Institute Affairs" and "To the Patrons..." Vol. X, 1851-1852, pages 139-142 discusses catalog of courses, requirements for dress, monthly record of grades The Guardian is no longer published under the auspices of The Columbia Female Institute or with the aid of Reverend Otey. These issues came after the scandal in which Otey accused Smith of improprieties with a student. Smith resigned and founded his own female college, The Athenaeum. The backlash against Otey was such that he moved his family to Memphis. Cost was $1 per volume for twelve months, "invariably in advance." Printed by J. W. [amp] J. E. Hatcher The Athenaeum Rectory has issues of The Guardian for the years 1841-1854.

	This is a certificate of recognition from the Tennessee Home Food Supply Program--A World War II program that encourages raising food--for growing 75% of crop needed in Tennessee. On the back side of the certificate are handwritten notes about the Tri-State Growers, especially in Johnson County, Tennessee; with crops and dates from 1925-1942.

	4 tifs. A brochure for the White Cross League, a student organization at Fisk University, announcing their twenty-sixth annual meeting on April 18,1915 at the Fisk Memorial chapel at 3 p.m. The motto "My Strength is as the Strength of Ten Because my Heart is Pure" is printed at the bottom. The second page is the program of events, including songs, scripture readings, prayer, and an address by Dr. James I. Vance. It also lists the officers and executive committee. The third page provides a list of the active members and the White Cross Pledge, which is committed to respecting women and treating them as equals and "to use every possible way to fulfill the command, `Keep thyself pure.`" The final page is a poem titled "To-Day`s Demand," which reads like a prayer for men who have "strong minds, great hearts, true faith, and ready hands..." The White Cross league was an extracurricular club that was devoted to a religious purpose, while other extracurricular clubs at Fisk were literary or aimed at dramatics.

	4 tifs. A pamphlet presented at the Memorial Services for the death of James Garfield, held at Fredonia, New York on September 26, 1881. The second page lists the order of the services at the Presbyterian church, which included a selection of music by the Fisk University Jubilee Singers, in addition to prayer and speakers. the third page is a biography of Garfield, detailing his birth in 1831, his life as the "most perfect, true and manly man of all our nation`s history," and his assassination on September 19, 1881 when he was 50 years old. The final page is Garfield`s photograph and signature. The photograph was published by Harroun [amp] Bierstadt Artotype.

	2 tifs. A brochure from Fisk University in Nashville, Tennessee listing the courses offered and their expenses and tuition costs. The brochure touts a "now thoroughly Organized Faculty" and the following courses of study: Classics, Education, Theology, Book-keeping, Vocal and Instrumental Music, a Model school for primary education and a boarding school for international students. The board is $10.00 per month, and tuition is $3.50 for the first term, and $2.25 for the second term in Model School, and the total expenses for Higher Grades was $100.00. The second page is a school calendar, with courses beginning in September 1872, and ending in May 1873. The second page also promotes the Jubilee Singers and lists as contacts Prof. A. K. Spence for the Institution at Large, Rev. H. S. Bennett for the Theological courses, and on business Mr. H.W. Hubbard.

	4 tifs. A program touting the Fisk University Jubilee Singers of Nashville, Tennessee as "Unsurpassed by Anything that has Ever Been Before the Public." The first page includes a photograph of the singers listing: Miss E. Bowman, Mr. G. E. Martin, John W. Work, A.M. conductor, Miss M.L. Grant, Mr. S.S. Carruthers, Miss I. M. Napier, Mr. A. E. Greenlaw, Mrs. Agnes M. Work, Chaperon, Rev. H. A, Merrill, Manager, Miss S. V. Hayes. The concert was to be held on December 11, at 8 p.m. in the Y.M.C.A. Hall in Syracuse, New York at a cost of 35 cents. The first page also includes a paragraph about the folk songs and the performance. The second page details the history, mission and recent press on the group. This group is the second incarnation of the Fisk University singers, which comprises nine singers, and their mission statement talks about the University and how the group is fundraising. The press letters includes testimonials about the group`s musical ability but also about their general demeanor. The third page is devoted to testimonials, mostly given by representatives from churches. The fourth page continues testimonials, but also includes the program consisting of two parts. The bottom of the pages lists Rev. H.A. Merrill as the manager and directs all letters to him at Fisk University. Handwritten at the bottom is the text "Encores were usually called for. Property of M.E. Sherrde."

	4 tifs. A program for a concert by the Jubilee Singers on February 12, 1874 held at the Exchange Opera House in Wolverhampton, England under patronage of the mayor, W.H. Jones, various gentlemen and ministers. The concert was billed as a "Service of Song consisting of slave hymns [amp] melodies." The program lists the ticket prices, Rev. G.D. Pike as the District Secretary of the American Missionary Association, and George White as the treasurer of Fisk University. On the pages that follow there is information about the tour and how the group is seeking to earn 14,000 pounds to aid in building Fisk University, and testimonials from those who have heard the singers perform. The testimonials mention that some of the singers were previously slaves, and sing "wild slave songs" that are unlike any music Europeans have heard. The testimonials also conflate the singers` performance with supporting emancipation and restitution of former slaves. The final page of the program lists the chartered institutions of the American Missionary Association, including Fisk University. Additional programs for concerts in 1874 in Birmingham and Cambridge are also included in the collection, as well as a similar program for a concert in Germany in 1877.

	1 tif. A concert program for a performance of the Fisk University Jubilee Singers in Geneva, Switzerland on May 18, 1878 at 8 p.m.. The program lists the eleven members of the group including Ella Scheppard, and the director as George L. White. The program is written in French and lists the Jubilee Singers as "Esclaves negres affranchis" from Nashville, Tennessee "Etats Unis." There were seven songs in the first part of the performance followed by a fifteen minute break and six more songs. The program sates that the Singers will be performing in English. The program was published by Geneva, "Continent and Swiss Times" Press.

	1 tif. A ticket for a "Farewell Concert" of the Jubilee Singers of Fisk University in January, 1875. The concert was held in the Masonic Hall on Monday January 11, 1875 at 8 p.m. and sponsored by the American Missionary Association. The ticket does not specify a location, but the Masonic Hall may have been in Nashville, Tennessee for the singers gave their final performance in their hometown before embarking upon a second tour of Europe. The singers first toured the North in 1871, and then toured Britain in 1873 as a part of their fundraising efforts. Their second tour in 1875 began in Britain, then moved on to Germany and ended in 1878 when the group disbanded. A new choir was formed in 1879 and toured internationally in the 1880s. This document has faint markings which may be the signature of the ticket holder, or a note.

	1 tif. A ticket for a concert of the Jubilee Singers of Fisk University in Scotland. The ticket lists the group as "Ex-Slave students of Fisk University, Tennessee, " and later states that there are eight emancipated slaves in the group. The ticket also speaks to the Jubilee Singers` international performances. In large print it touts a "private service of Sacred Song" to be performed in the Free Church of Dunoon on August 21, 1873. Robert M`Morran, R.W. Thompson, and John C. Johnston, all associated with a church, are named at the bottom.

	4 tifs. A biographical sketch including a photograph in the Fisk University News of Mrs. Ella Sheppard Moore, a graduate and singer with the Jubilee Singers. Sheppard was the daughter of a slave who purchased his own freedom. She was trained in music in Cincinnati, while her father tried to escape re-enslavement. Ella studied at Fisk University for two years, and then taught at the college. She was a member of the Jubilee Singers who toured Europe and America. Later in her life she worked with her husband, Reverend George W. Moore, and gave lectures. The sketch also re-prints her writings about the Jubilee Singers. There are also three eulogies written in her praise in the paper, written by Talley and Moore.

	3 tifs. A three page brochure issued at an event where Fisk college raised the flag over Jubilee Hall on September 22, 1915. The flag raising and speech was to "mark the opening of the New Year and the Anniversary of the Preliminary Announcement by Lincoln of the Freeing of the Slave, September 22, 1862." The page was signed by Dr. F.A. Mc Kenzie. The first page features a black and white image of one of the college`s buildings flying a flag and featuring a tall tree in front. The second page is in praise of the flag and its symbolism, with two images of the college. The page reads in part, "The Flag represents in its aspects of patriotism, of national devotion, two great ideas, two great facts. The first great idea, the first great fact, is that of Obedience. . . . The second great idea, the second great fact, is that of Perfection. . . . When we are true to our flag we are true to that kingdom whose law is, Be ye therefore perfect." The third page text aligns Lincoln with the flag, stating "The flag of Lincoln is the flag of the South, and the flag of the North, the flag of the white and the flag of the black. It is the flag under whose folds no slave can breathe. . . . The flag and freedom and education are inseparable."

	7 tifs. The front pages and table of contents of a book printed in Great Britain during the tour by the Jubilee Singers. The Jubilee Singers were created when George White, professor of music, decide to take a nine-member choral ensemble on the road to generate funds for the University. The group left on October 6, 1871, which is now a holiday for the University. In 1872 they sang at the World Peace festival in Boston and for President Ulysses S. Grant. In 1873 eleven members of the group toured Europe and generated funds for the school`s first permanent building, Jubilee Hall. The images are numbered with their contents. 1: The cover. Reading: "The Singing Campaign for Ten Thousand Pounds or the Jubilee Singers in Great Britain." The cover is dark blue with gold text and features a harp and scroll symbol in the center. 2: An illustration of the Jubilee Singers. The names read: E. Watkins. I.P. Dickerson. B.M. Holmes. T. Rutling. Georgie Gordon. Mabel Lewis. Maggie Porter. Jennie Jackson. Ella Sheppard. Julia Jackson. Minnie Tate. 3: The Jubilee Singers, and their Campaign for Twenty Thousand Dollars. By the Rev. G.D. Pike B.A., District Secretary of the American Missionary Association. Twenty-seventh Thousand. London. Hodder and Stoughton. Boston, U.S.A: Lee and Shepard. 1874. 4: Advertisement to the English Edition. The visit of the Jubilee Singers to England has necessitated a new Edition of this work, the American Edition of which has attained a circulation of nearly ten thousand copies in three months. The book contains a history of the first singing tour, but a year has since elapsed, during which, such increasing success has attended the efforts of the Singers, that they have been encouraged to appeal to the English public for aid in the accomplishment of their mission. The Jubilee Hall of Fisk University (a cut of which forms the frontispiece) is already partly erected, and funds are now required to complete the building. 27, Paternoster Row, May, 1873. 5: Preface. The following pages were prepared at intervals during the summer vacation, for the purpose of answering numerous questions about the Jubilee Singers. The statements respecting the illiteracy of the South, the campaign for Twenty Thousand Dollars, the Fisk University, and the American Missionary Association, are reliable. The personal histories were gathered chiefly by a former teacher of Fisk University, who has rendered me great service in preparing this volume for the press in season for our coming campaign for the further endowment of that institution. That the reader may be inspired with a noble enthusiasm to repair the damages done by Slavery, and to restore fourfold to a race that has been wronged, is the most earnest wish of the author. G.D.P. Acton, October 1, 1872. 6: Contents. Chapter I. The American Missionary Association. --Collecting Agents. --The New Era. 9.; Chapter II. Value of Institutions. --Fisk University. 25.; Chapter III. Teachers for Freedmen. --George L. White. 39; Chapter IV. Personal History of the Jubilee Singers. 49.; Chaper V. Nashville to Oberlin. 77.; Chapter VI. Oberlin to New York. 98. 7: Contents page 8: Chapter VII. Turning Tide--At New York. 110.; Chapter VII. From Hartford to Boston. 125.; Chapter IX. Boston to Nashville. 142.

	This document shows the program for a musical performance probably in conjunction with commencement for the Fanning Orphan School, held May 22, 1922.

	This document announces the upcoming school term beginning September 3, 1860, describes the two schools, Male and Female, and gives the costs. The school on the property is now occupied by the Nashville International Airport. The property hosted many schools, and the president of the college was W. D. Carnes. The secretary of board of managers was David Lipscomb.

	This is similar to the 1950 program, entitled Nashville Christian Institute Presents, taught by Mrs. Lambert Campbell held at Alumni Auditorium at David Lipscomb College. It includes the board of directors and faculty of the school as well as a list of activities included in the program.

	This is a pamplet for the Nashville Christian Institute`s Public Speaking Department taught by Mrs. Lambert Campbell. It was held at Alumni Auditorium at David Lipscomb College on May 14, 1950. It includes board of directors and faculty of school as well as a list of the activities the program will include.

	This is a pamplet for Nashville Christian Institute`s third annual commencement program held May 25-June 2, 1947.

	This is a document for a school chartered in 1941 as a private Christian school for African-Americans. Their most successful years were after World War II when many veterans returned to finish their high school edcuation. This copy was issued Feb 14, 1967, when the school closed. The property was sold, and the proceeds given to David Lipscomb College for the establishment of a scholarship fund for African-American students. Joe C. Car was the Secretary of State of Tennessee at that time.

	This is a flyer announcing the opening of Cumberland University, Lebanon, TN. There was to be a reception on the first Monday of September. It announces the literary, and law faculty, presumably the only two departments present at the school`s inception. Tuition is from 15 to 35 dollars per session for the literary department, and 50 dollars per session in the law department. Buildings had not been erected at the time of this flyer, but were scheduled for completion the following year.

	This is a certificate that verifies Adeline, servant to Austin Miller, was confirmed by a biship of the Catholic Church on May 8, 1859. Austin Miller was a judge in Bolivar, TN.

	This is a reprint from a leaflet of St. Mary`s-on-the-Mountain, issue of November, 1933. It describes the living conditions of a pregnant woman they provided care for outside of Sewanee, Tennessee. The woman lived in an old run-down cabin with her husband and 3 children, which was so dilapidated they had to use newspaper to insulate the cracks in the walls. Shortly after the woman reaches the hospital it is revealed that she has had a miscarriage.

	This is a flyer for the 10th Anniversary Celebration for the Highlander Folk School, named "Unifying the Home Front for Victory." Eleanor Roosevelt headed the National Sponsoring Committee for the celebration, which was an all day even that included games, barbecue and music. A list of other sponsors is included on the back.

	This is a press release about the Highlander Youth Project in Monteagle, Tennessee, circa 1960. The purpose of this project was to bring an interracial group of high school students together in a summer camp setting in which they would live and engage in cultural activities together. The idea was to prepare the students for attending integrated colleges and universities. The press release announces the addition of a new member, advisor, directors, to add to its integrated staff of teachers and group leaders.

	This is a brochure and application form for Camp Highlander, "an interracial camp in the South for boys and girls." It was to be held June 22 through July 12, 1958. The camp uses a "carefully selected interracial staff of young counselors" to supervise all activities. The camp is a successor to Camp Koinonia in Americus, Georgia, which operated unil 1957 when racists began their harrassment of the farms.

	This is a newspaper clipping from The Bristol Courier. Vol 1, no. 297, about a city ordinance to "prevent the obstruction of Main Street by railway trains, cars, [amp]c.

	This is a newspaper ad from The Bristol Courier. Vol 1, no. 297, for King College.

	This is an ad from a newspaper, The bristol Courier. Vol 1, no. 297, for Reynolds AAAA tobacco.

	This eleven page booklet celebrates the eight years the radio station WOPI has been on the air. The slogan, "The Voice of the Appalachians" is written on the cover. The contents of the pamphlet include praise for the station`s manager and owner, the progressive W.A. Wilson, who was credited with much of the success of the station. The pamphlet also includes the history of the station, pictures and information regarding the employees, the current station schedule and pictures of the studios. W.A. Wilson autographed this particular pamphlet on page three on July 2, 1937. The station was located in Bristol, Tennessee, but it served the surrounding areas in Virginia, Kentucky, Tennessee, and North Carolina. In 1966 it was granted a dual city state license for Bristol, Tennessee-Virginia.

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '619 - Special. With the Raymonds. Cades Cove, Swing Bridge, Clingman Dome, Nanta Gorge'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '422- Cabin and Ramsey Falls. West Barbers Cabin'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '620 - Road Prong and Chimneys'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '621 - White Rock'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '622 - Greenbrier Cabin'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '624 - Old Bald and Richland Balsam'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '423- Special Hike. Cabin in Brier'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '625 - Abrams Falls'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '626 - Barnett Knob'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '627 - Vacation in [Florida]'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '424- Labor Day. Big Cataloochee. Mt. Sterling'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Sunshine'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '629 - Raymonds and us on the lake with Lewi & Mable'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '630 - Ga. trip and Copper Hill, Tenn.'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '631 - Pickett State Forest'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': "632 - Chilhowee's"}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '633 - Special. Two Christmas Pictures in Our Front Room. Two about Chimneys Parking Space.'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '634 - Cades Cove'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '636 - Bunker Hill Fire Tower'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '637 - Texas Creek to Greenbrier'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '638 - Emert Cove and Ad Hooks cabin'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '425- Mt. Guyot by Snakeden Mt.'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '639 - Laurel Fall[s] and Cove Mt.'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '640 - Special. Trip, Loop and Indian Res.'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '426- Special. Lemon Gap to Bluff Mt. Roger Howell and Myself'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '641 - Cabin Work Trip'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '642 - Fall Creek Falls'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '643 - Special. Norris Lake Mable & Louie Boat'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '427- Reg. Charlies Bunion'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '644 - Special. Norris Lake'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '645 - Trail Clearing Fontana Dam to Little Shuckstack'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '646 - Scouting trip to Mt. Sterling'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '647 - Special. Out on Louie & Mable Boat, Norris Lake'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mt. LeConte'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '648 - Reg. Trip. Gregory'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '649 - Special Trip. Pinnacle at Cumberland Gap, Ky.'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '650 - Reg. Trip. Mt. Sterling'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '651 - Loop Route by Maryville, Sunshine and Townsend, Gatlinburg, Cabin, Gatlinburg, home'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '652 - Special. LeConte'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '653 - Special. Cherokee Dam'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '654 - Welsh Picnic'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '655 - Special. 42 going through Concord'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '656 - Sat. Special. Abrams Falls'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '657 - Charles Bunion'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '658 - Barbers Cabin'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '659 - Mable & Louie Boat'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '660 - Mt. Mitchell'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '661 - Labor Day. White Oak Bottom. Albert Mt. Standing Indian'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '662 - Clingman Dome. 1 Picture of Chimneys'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '663 - Cabin work trip'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '429- Special. Chimneys'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Caldwood (Special Trip. Family at Hotel. Dams)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '664 - Special. Laurel Falls'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '665 - Stratton Meadow. Stratton Bald. 1 Picture of Bald River Falls'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '666 - Along New Found Gap Highway and New Found Gap'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '667 - Low Gap and White Rock'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '430- Tower on Cold Spring in Cherokee National Forest'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '668 - Cabin in Brier'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '669 - Young People Group of Church'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '670 - Dr. Dallas. Made at Church'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '671 - Rough Butt'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '431- Reg. Hike. White Rock'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '672 - Skyland and AT Meeting (Env. No. 1)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '432- Greenbrier Pinnacle'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '672 - Skyland and AT (Env. No. 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '433- Special Trip. White Rock'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '674 - Norris on boat'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '675 - Welsh Picnic'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '676 - Norris Lake'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '677 - Chimneys and 3 Banquet at Wonderland Hotel'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '434- Mystery Hike to English Mt.'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '678 - Walkers Sisters Home and Old School. Special Trip'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '679 - Eating dinner at the Boat House. Norris Lake'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '680 - Deep Snow. 22 inches'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '681 - Christmas Day. 1st Pictures made by new camera. Taken with new camera at aunt Mables'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '682 - English Mt.'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '683 - Chilhowee Mountain'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '684 - Water Rock Knob'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '685 - Greenbrier Cabin'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mrs. Anderson. Reception at Church'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Blowing up of coal shout. Southern Railway'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '686 - White Rock via Groundhog Ridge'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '687 - On the boat. Norris Lake'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '688 - Emert Cove'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '689 - Mama house, where she was born. Coal Creek'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '690 - Mt. LeConte and Alum Cave'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '691 - Addison and Nancy and Alice Hook. Taken at their cabin'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '692 - Norris Lake. 2 of Anne at home'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '693 - Labor Day. Head of Taluna River near Persimmon, Ga.'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '694 - Sand Cave. Ewing Va. Cumberland Mts.'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '35- Special. New Found Gap to Mt. Sterling Gap.Roger Howell and Myself,'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '435- Special. New Found Gap to Mt. Sterling Gap'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '695 - Mr. Justin at our lot with the Bulldozer'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '696 - Pictures made at lot'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '697 - Pictures made at lot'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '698 - Spence Field. Mts. in Clouds'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '699 - Dallas Texas. Cotton Bowl Game. 1st Pictures with new Kodak'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '436- Horse Shoe Mt.'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '700 - At Twin Oaks. State line from Road'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chilhowee Mountain. Fog.'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '437- Sat. Special. Indian Gap and Shelter at Little Indian Gap'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '701 - McLean Rock. View of Powell Valley'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '702 - Twin Oaks'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '703 - Twin Oaks'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '704 - Abraham Lincoln Birth Place. Kentucky'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '705 - Twin Oaks'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '706 - 1st night at Twin Oaks'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '707 - Twin Oaks'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '708 - Little [Fodderstack] and Fort Loudon'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '709 - Twin Oaks'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '710 - Hike Balsams'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '438 - Reg. Rabbit Creek Section'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '711 - Twin Oaks. 1st Lutheran Church. Old Foods stoals'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Labor day. Foot of Mt. Mitchell'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '439 - Special. Low Gap to Guyot'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '440 - Special. New Found Gap to Ice Water Spring Shelter'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '712 - Emerts Cove and Twin Oaks'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '713 - Christmas at Twin Oaks'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Other Prints and Negatives'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '714 - Old Kinzel Springs Hotel. also some of Twin Oaks and Mts.'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '715 - Greenbrier (old cabin) (March 13); Mts. and Mary and Charles at Twin Oaks (May 28-29)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '441 - Cherokee Dam'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Up Rhododendron Creek, Greenbrier. Old Cabins and Cemeteries'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '716 - Twin Oaks. River on Ramppoge. Mary and Charlie (9th); 1 of add. Hook Taken in the spring (24th)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '442 - Special. Thunderhead'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '717 - Atlanta, Georgia'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '718 - Labor Day. Twin Oaks. Ramsey Falls'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '719 - At Twin Oaks. 2 of M. Gifford'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '720 - Emerts Cove (October 3) also UT Band (November 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '444 - Gregory Bald. Moore Spring Shelter'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '721 - Pickett State Park'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '445 - Fort Harry'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '722 - Emerts Cove'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '723 - Norris Dam and Lake low water'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '724 - Cherokee Dam and Douglas Dam'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Southern Railway Train Wreck at Powell Station'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '446 - Work Trip. Shelter at Cable Gap'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '725 - Mr. and Mrs. Chas Pittman. also views of Cove'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'New Found Gap'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '727 - Group at the Cabin'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '447 - Special. Wesser Bald'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Henry Duncan given early History of Greenbrier'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Scouting trip to Winnesoka'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chilhowee Dam and Sam Houston School'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Young People of the Church'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Welsh Picnic'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cabin and Emerts Cove in Snow'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Rainbow Falls. Scouting Trip'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Rainbow Falls in 16\\ to 18\\ Snow'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '448 - West Barbers Cabin'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Twin Oaks (27th-28th); Anne Meyer at New Found Gap. Ann Vaes (5th)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Twin Oaks. Sara, Jim, Billy, Ben, Wilma, Charles, Mag. Ann on car'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '449 - LeConte trip'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'From Lookout Point near Twin Oaks'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Frank Parkers Cabin'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '450 - Fish Fry'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Inverness [Florida]'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '451 - Cataloochee Balsam'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Scouting trip to Brushy'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Reg. Trip to Brushy'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'On Louis Boat. Norris Lake'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': "Chilhowee's"}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '452 - Abrams Falls'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mable and Louie and Sonny and Wilma group on our lot when we [were] building our house'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Lineville Gorge. North Carolina'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Gafnea and us at Arch Rock and our House'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'View from our new house'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Gradeing for our house'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Unidentified Image'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '523. Prints for first 3 Books. Extra'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Old Family [Images]'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '453 - Lake Windfield Scott in Ga.'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Flowers'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '525'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Unidentified Negatives'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '454 - Bald River Falls - Waucheesi Mt. and Beaver Dam Bald. Watch towers'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Waterville Dam (Negative 1)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'View Below Dam (Negative 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Unknown Subject (Negative 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cheoah Dam (Negative 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cheoah Dam (Negative 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cheoah Dam (Negative 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cheoah Power House from top of Dam (Negative 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cheoah Power House and Dam (Negative 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Little TN River and Ry Road below Cheoah Dam (Negative 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Little TN River and Ry Road below Dam (Negative 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cheoah Lake Above Dam (Negative 15)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hiwassee Dam Foundation (Negative 18)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hiwassee Dam Foundation (Negative 19)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hiwassee Dam Foundation (Negative 20)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'River above Dam (Negative 21)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Near Parkville Lake (Negative 22)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Near Parkville Lake (Negative 23)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hiwassee Dam Foundation (Negative 24)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hiwassee Dam Foundation (Negative 25)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hiwassee Dam Foundation (Negative 26)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hiwassee Dam Foundation (Negative 27)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hiwassee Dam Foundation (Negative 28)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hiwassee Dam Foundation (Negative 29)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hiwassee Dam Foundation (Negative 30)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hiwassee Dam Foundation (Negative 31)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hiwassee Dam Foundation (Negative 32)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hiwassee Dam Foundation (Negative 33)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hiwassee Dam Foundation (Negative 34)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hiwassee Dam Foundation (Negative 35)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hiwassee Dam Foundation (Negative 36)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Crush Rock Hiwassee Dam (Negative 37)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Tower Hiwassee Dam (Negative 38)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Rock-Roadway + Sub station Hiwassee (Negative 39)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cements bucket at Hiwassee Dam (Negative 40)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hiwassee Dam Rock Quarry (Negative 41)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hiwassee Dam Electric Engine (Negative 42)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Crush Rock Hiwassee Dam (Negative 43)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chickamauga Dam (Negative 46)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chickamauga Dam (Negative 47)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chickamauga Dam (Negative 48)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chickamauga Dam (Negative 49)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chickamauga Dam (Negative 50)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chickamauga Dam (Negative 51)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chickamauga Dam (Negative 52)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chickamauga Dam (Negative 53)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chickamauga Dam (Negative 54)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chickamauga Dam (Negative 55)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chickamauga Dam (Negative 56)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chickamauga Dam (Negative 57)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chickamauga Dam (Negative 58)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chickamauga Dam (Negative 59)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chickamauga Dam (Negative 60)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chickamauga Dam (Negative 61)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chickamauga Dam (Negative 62)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chickamauga Dam (Negative 63)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hike to Gregory Bald'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chickamauga Dam (Negative 64)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chickamauga Dam (Negative 65)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chickamauga Dam (Negative 66)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chickamauga Dam (Negative 67)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chickamauga Dam (Negative 68)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chickamauga Dam (Negative 69)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chickamauga Dam (Negative 70)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chickamauga Dam (Negative 71)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chickamauga Dam (Negative 72)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chickamauga Dam Sub Station (Negative 73)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chickamauga Dam Sub Station (Negative 74)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chickamauga Dam Locks (Negative 75)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chickamauga Dam Power House (Negative 76)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chickamauga Dam Power House (Negative 77)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chickamauga Dam Power House (Negative 78)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chickamauga Dam Power House (Negative 79)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chickamauga Dam Power House (Negative 80)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chickamauga Dam Power House (Negative 81)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chickamauga Dam Power House (Negative 82)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chickamauga Dam Power House (Negative 83)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chickamauga Dam Locks (Negative 84)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Dam (Negative 85)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hales Bar (Negative 87)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hales Bar in distance (Negative 88)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Guntersville Dam Locks (Negative 90)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Guntersville Dam Locks (Negative 91)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Guntersville Dam Locks (Negative 92)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Guntersville Dam Locks (Negative 93)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Guntersville Dam Locks (Negative 94)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Guntersville Dam Locks (Negative 95)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '455 - Special. Hall Cabin Site'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Guntersville Dam Locks (Negative 96)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Guntersville Dam Locks (Negative 97)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Guntersville Dam Locks (Negative 98)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Guntersville Dam Locks (Negative 99)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled photograph of dam (1 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled photograph of dam (2 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Guntersville Dam Blasting for Powell (Negative 1)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Guntersville Dam Blasting for Powell (Negative 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Guntersville Dam Across top of Dam (Negative 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Guntersville Dam Across top of Dam (Negative 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '456 - Deal Gap to Daton Gap and Bunker Hill Fire Tower'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Guntersville Dam (Negative 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Guntersville Dam Coffee Dam (Negative 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Guntersville Dam part of Dam (Negative 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Guntersville Dam Inside of Coffee Dam (Negative 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Guntersville Dam Center of Dam (Negative 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Guntersville Dam, Dam nest (Negative 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Guntersville Dam Inside of Coffee Dam (Negative 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Guntersville Dam Concrete Mixer and Cement Truck (Negative 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Guntersville Dam Conveyor (Negative 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Guntersville Dam Concrete Mixer and Conveyor (Negative 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Guntersville Dam, Lowerside of Dam (Negative 15)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Guntersville Dam Water Below Dam Negative 16)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Guntersville Dam Coffee Dam and Crane (Negative 17)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Guntersville Dam Inside of Coffee Dam (Photographic print in negative sleeve number 18)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Guntersville Dam Steam Boats along Dam (Photographic print in negative sleeve number19)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Guntersville Dam Lake Above Dam (Negative 20)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Guntersville Dam Cafeteria (Negative 21)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Guntersville Dam Community Building (Negative 22)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Wilson Dam (Negative 24)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Wilson Dam (Negative 26)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Wilson Dam (Negative 27)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Wilson Dam (Negative 28)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Wilson Dam Lock (Negative 29)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Wilson Dam Lock (Negative 30)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Wilson Dam Lock (Negative 31)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Wilson Dam Lock (Negative 32)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Wilson Dam Lock (Negative 33)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Wilson Dam Lock (Negative 34)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Wilson Dam Lock (Negative 35)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Wilson Dam Locks (Negative 36)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Wilson Dam Locks (Negative 37)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Wilson Dam Locks (Negative 38)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Wilson Dam Locks (Negative 39)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Wilson Dam Locks (Negative 40)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Wilson Dam Locks (Negative 41)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Wilson Dam Sub Station (Negative 42)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Wilson Dam Sub Station (Negative 43)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Lock Below Wilson Dam (Negative 44)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Wilson Dam Lake Above Dam (Negative 45)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Ten Plant (Negative 46)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Ten Plant (Negative 47, 1 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Ten Plant (Negative 47, 2 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Tennessee River below Wilson Dam (Negative 48)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Ozone Falls (Negative 49)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Wheeler Dam Under Construction (Negative 50)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Wheeler Dam Under Construction (Negative 51)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Wheeler Dam Under Construction (Negative 52)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Wheeler Dam Under Construction (Negative 53)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Wheeler Dam Under Construction (Negative 54)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Wheeler Dam Under Construction (Negative 55)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Negatives of Dam'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Labor Day (Negative 1)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Labor Day (Negative 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '457 - Special. Stekoah Gap and Wesser Shelter'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Old Ford and Group. 1 of Fort Harry (Oct. 11, 1925)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Labor Day (Negative 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Labor Day (Negative 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Labor Day (Negative 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Labor Day (Negative 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Labor Day (Negative 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Labor Day (Negative 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Labor Day (Negative 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Labor Day (Negative 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Labor Day (Negative 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Labor Day (Negative 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'At Hotel Greenbrier (Negative 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'William Bluff (Negative 23)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'William Bluff (Negative 27)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Sharp Ridge (Negative 31)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Sharp Ridge (Negative 32)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'House Mt., 1925 (Negative 33)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'House Mt. (Negative 35)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'House Mt. (Negative 36)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'House Mt. (Negative 37)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'House Mt. (Negative 38)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'House Mt. (Negative 39)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'House Mt. (Negative 40)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'House Mt. (Negative 41)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Look Rock (Negative 43)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Look Rock (Negative 44)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Look Rock (Negative 46)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Look Rock (Negative 47)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Look Rock (Negative 49)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Look Rock (Negative 55)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Abrams Falls (Negative 58)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Abrams Falls (Negative 61)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Abrams Falls (Negative 62)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Abrams Falls (Negative 63)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Abrams Falls (Negative 64)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Gregory Bald (Negative 72)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Gregory Bald (Negative 74)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Gregory Bald (Negative 75)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled mountain landscape (Negative 76)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled clearing (Negative 77)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled stream (Negative 78)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled stream (Negative 79)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled clearing (Negative 81)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled stream (Negative 82)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 83)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 84)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 85)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 86)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 87)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 88)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 89)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '458 - Chilhowee'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 90)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 91)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 92)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 93)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 94)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 95)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 96)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 97)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 98)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 99)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 100)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Group Portrait (Negative 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Group Portrait (Negative 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Group Portrait (Negative 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Group Portrait (Negative 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Group on hill (Negative 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Group (Negative 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled people in tree (Negative 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Construction site (Negative 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Group Portrait (Negative 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Group at Overlook (Negative 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 15)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 16)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Group resting (Negative 17)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Group Portrait (Negative 18)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Group Portrait (Negative 19)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Group near fence (Negative 21)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Group at station (Negative 22)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Group in woods (Negative 23)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Group on trail (Negative 24)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Group in woods (Negative 26)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 27)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 28)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 29)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 30)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 31)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 32)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 33)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 35)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Group (Negative 36)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 37)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 38)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Group in woods (Negative 40)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Group (Negative 41)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Group Portrait (Negative 42)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Group Portrait (Negative 44)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Man on Rock (Negative 45)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 46)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Group (Negative 47)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 48)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 49)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 50)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 51)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 55)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Group Portrait (Negative 56)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 57)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '459 - Bunker Hill Fire Tower from Deal Gap Road'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Group (Negative 58)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 59)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 60)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 61)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Group Portrait (Negative 62)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 63)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Stream (Negative 65)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Waterfall (Negative 66)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Woman by Stream (Negative 67)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Group (Negative 68)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled River and Waterfall (Negative 69)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 70)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 71)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 72)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 74)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Animals in Clearing (Negative 75)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Animals (Negative 76)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Sheep (Negative 77)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Animals in Woods (Negative 78)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Group (Negative 79)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Group in Woods (Negative 80)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 81)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Sheep (Negative 82)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Sheep (Negative 83)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Group (Negative 87)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Group (Negative 92)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Hikers (Negative 96)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Group in Bushes (Negative 98)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 1)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Hikers (Negative 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '460 - New Found Gap to Jump Off then back to Sweat heifer trail then back down to CCC Camp'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Walking in field (Negative 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Group (Negative 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Group in woods (Negative 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Group in woods (Negative 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Group (Negative 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled (Negative 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Group (Negative 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Group (Negative 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Group (Negative 15)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Group Portrait (Negative 16)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Group Portrait (Negative 17)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 18)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Stream (Negative 20)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled (Negative 21)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 22)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 25)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Group Photo (Negative 26)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape with Crop Marks (Negative 30)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '461 - New Found Gap to Jump Off then back to Sweat heifer trail then back down to CCC Camp'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape with Crop Marks (Negative 31)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Stream (Negative 32)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Group (Negative 33)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled line of hikers (Negative 35)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 36)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Waterfall (Negative 38)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 39)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 41)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 42)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 43)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '462 - New Found Gap to Jump Off then back to Sweat heifer trail then back down to CCC Camp'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Rocks (Negative 44)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Group (Negative 48)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Men Outdoors (Negative 58)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Waterfall (Negative 60)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Hikers (Negative 62)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Group on Mountain (Negative 64)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 65)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '463 - New Found Gap to Jump Off then back to Sweat heifer trail then back down to CCC Camp'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 68)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 69)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Group in Woods (Negative 71)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 77)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Grassy Patch Cabin (Negative 78)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '464 - New Found Gap to Jump Off then back to Sweat heifer trail then back down to CCC Camp'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Group (Negative 93)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Group Shot (Negative 95)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Stream (Negative 96)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Waterfall (Negative 97)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Indian Gap Hotel (Negative 98)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Stream (Negative 100)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Jump off from Myrtle Point (Negative 1)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '465 - New Found Gap to Jump Off then back to Sweat heifer trail then back down to CCC Camp'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'St. Line From Myrtle Point, 1929 March 17 (Negative 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'From A.T. East of Newfound Gap looking East (Negative 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'From A.T. East of Newfound Gap looking West (Negative 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte from New Trail East of Newfound Gap (Negative 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mount Kephart from Mount Mingus (Negative 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Between White Rock and Low Gap (Negative 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'After a storm from near Kephart (Negative 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chimneys from New Found Gap Highway, 1933 January 2 (Negative 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Natural Bridge Virginia (Negative 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cave near natural Bridge VA (Negative 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '461 - Easter Sunday 1941. Norris Dam in Snow'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cades Cove and Gregory Bald (Negative 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cades Cove looking toward Gregory (Negative 15)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cades Cove fromfront of John Oliver (Negative 16)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Trail and Bridge in Porter Flats (Negative 17)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Trail to Alum Cove (Negative 18)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'From Table Rock after Storm (Negative 19)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cherokee National Forest (Negative 20)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mt. Guyot - Mt. Chapman and Mt. Sequoyah from AT (Negative 21)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mount Chapman and Mountain Sequoyah from AT (Negative 22)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Trail to LeConte by Rainbow Falls (Negative 23)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'On Way to Hugh Ridge (Negative 24)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Natural Bridge at Pickett State Park (Negative 25)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Beach on left looking across lake (Negative 26)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Sand Cave at Pickett State Park (Negative 27)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Swimming Beach and Lake at Pickett State Park (Negative 28)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Trail up Roaring Forks (Negative 29)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'S.H. McBath on trail to LeConte (Negative 30)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'From Rockspur trail looking West (Negative 31)(1 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'From Rockspur trail looking West (Negative 31)(2 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Sunset Rock Roane Mt. (Negative 32)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hall top from A.T, near Gavenport Gap (Negative 33)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'On trail up Rocky Spur to LeConte (Negative 34)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Alum Cave (Negative 35)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Arch Rock on trail to LeConte (Negative 36)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'On Mt. LeConte (Negative 37)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Clingman Dome (Negative 38)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'One and one-half mile East of Low Gap (Negative 39)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'End of Clinch Mt. in the clouds (Negative 40)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Poplar trees in Joyce Kilmer Forest (Negative 41)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Large tree and Hugh Hoss in Joyce Kilman Forest (Negative 42)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'made before 1942. Fish Fry'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Large Oak on State Line near Laurel Top (Negative 43)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'East of Halls Cabin Site on State Line (Negative 44)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Along new trail to Mt. Sterling (Negative 45'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Old Log near Trail to Low Gap (Negative 46)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'White Side N.C. (Negative 47)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Made from top of Chimney pigtail on New Found Gap H (Negative 48)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte from Sugarland Mt. (Negative 50)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte and Mt. Mingus (Negative 51)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Table Rock Mt. from Camp Ground (Negative 52)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Abrams Falls Jessie Dempster (Negative 53)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Marshall Wilson on Charles Bunion (Negative 54)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cheoah Lake Hangover Mt. Stratton Bald (Negative 55)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Lake Around Fontana Dam (Negative 56)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Fontana Lake (Negative 57)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Calderwood Dam and Lake Little Foldu S[?] (Negative 58)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'ECM Richardson Cumberland Mt. (Negative 59)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Jess Bird near Ozone (Negative 60)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'House Mt. looking toward Clinch Mt. (Negative 61)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'From English Mtn. looking East (Negative 62)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'On English Mt. (Negative 63)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '462 - Mystery Hike. LaFollette Tenn to Jacksboro on Cumberland Range'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Rainbow Falls after Cloud Burst (Negative 65)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Ozone Falls ice base is 10 to 15 feet thick (Negative 66)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam from Reservoir Hill (Negative 68) (1 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam from Reservoir Hill (Negative 68) (2 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Wilson Dam (Negative 69)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hale Bar (Negative 70)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Tree near Russell Field with Rhododendron over it (Negative 71)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Tree along trail btwn. Roaring Forks and Orchard (Negative 72)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Camp on Way to Hughes Ridge (Negative 73)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Farm boys just out of Hartford N.C. (Negative 74)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Roger Howell lighting big cigar (Negative 75)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hiking Club in one of the Caves near Cumberland (Negative 76)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Tower on Mt. Mitchell (Negative 77)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Margaret Ann on bridge in Porters Flatts (Negative 78)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Rhododendron on Roan Mt. (Negative 79)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cabin on LeConte (Negative 80)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Tower on White Rock (Negative 81)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Tower on Wayah Bald (Negative 82)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'The Old Mill (Negative 83)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Old Mill at Big Ridge Park (Negative 84)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Walkers Sisters home and shed (Negative 85)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Old Mill and Barn near Pittman Center (Negative 86)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': "John Olivers Mother and Father's home (Negative 87)"}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Whittles Cabin and Rd. to Orchard (Negative 88)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Falls on Roaring Forks (Negative 90)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Myron Avery Writing notes on state line (Negative 91)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Trail to Old Ray - through tree (Negative 92)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Portrait of Boy (Photograph)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Paul Harnburg at Camp 2 miles East of Deals Gap (Negative 93)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hugh Hoss on Snake Mt. (Negative 94)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Benton Falls (Negative 95)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Falls on Roaring Forks (Negative 96)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Tode[sp] Stool behind our Cabin (Negative 97)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hiking Club Cabin in Fog (Negative 98)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hiking Club Cabin in Snow (Negative 99)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hiking Club Cabin and Spring House (Negative 100)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Rock House Fall in the Cumberland (Negative 101)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cane Creek Fall in the Cumberland (Negative 102)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Bridge on Parkway near Mt. Mitchell (Negative 103)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'The Chimneys (Negative 104)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Foot Bridge over Little Pigeon near Ramsey Forks Of The River (Negative 105)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Tunnel on Newfound Gap Hwy (Negative 106)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Abrams Falls (Negative 107)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cumberland Falls Kentucky (Negative 108)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte From Trail To Cove Mt. (Negative 109)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'One Chimney from the Other (Negative 110)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Abrams Falls in Winter (Negative 111) (1 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Abrams Falls in Winter (Negative 111) (2 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound Gap Highway (Negative 112)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Ramsey Falls Cascades (Negative 113)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Ramsey Falls (Negative 114)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chimney from Highway Bridge (Negative 115)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Little Indian Gap Shelter (Negative 116) (1 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Little Indian Gap Shelter (Negative 116) (2 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Frozen Mist on Rhododendron (Negative 117)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Along the Road Prong Trail in Winter (Negative 118)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Sign at Newfound Gap (Negative 119)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Along Trail between Treemont and Thunder Head (Negative 120)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'State Lines in clouds (Negative 121)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Pine Buras [sp?] on Greenbriar Pinnacle (Negative 123)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Rainbow Falls (Negative 124)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'New Trail to Greenbriar Pinnacle (Negative 125)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Rainbow Falls in Snow (Negative 126)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Frost on Wild Parsnip (Negative 127)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Simon Davies with Big Stick (Negative 128)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Rainbow Falls (Negative 129)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Fort Habry Falls (Negative 130)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'A.T. Trail between Newfound Gap and Indian Gap (Negative 131) (1 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'A.T. Trail between Newfound Gap and Indian Gap (Negative 131) (2 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Charlie Bunion in Frozen Fog and Ice (Negative 132)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Skiing at Indian Gap (Negative 133)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'From trail to Greenbriar Pinnacle (Negative 134)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Tree after Storm on Spence Field (Negative 135)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '18 inch snow at Indian Gap (Negative 136)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Trail to Greenbriar Pinnacle (Negative 137)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Near Charlie Bunion (Negative 138)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Trail between Newfound Gap and Charlies Bunion (Negative 139)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Road to Clingmans Dome in Snow (Negative 140)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Tracks along highway near Indian Gap (Negative 141)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Indian Gap before road cut through (Negative 142)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Trail along Road Prong (Negative 143)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, negative of stream (Negative 144)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Old Face on Side of LeConte (Negative 145)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mt. View Hotel (Negative 147)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Group on LeConte Mt. 1st Hike (Negative 148)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Old Inn in Cumberlands (Negative 150)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Kinzel Springs on Sunshine (Negative 151) (1 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Kinzel Springs on Sunshine (Negative 151) (2 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Old Greenbriar Hotel (Negative 152) (1 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Old Greenbriar Hotel (Negative 152) (2 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Old Indian Gap Hotel (Negative 153)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Old Lime Springs Hotel (Negative 154)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Old Montvale Hotel (Negative 155)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Old Cabin at Bryson Place N.C. (Negative 156)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Old Cabin along Trail to Dupont Springs (Negative 157)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'John Olivers Old Lodge (Negative 158)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Greenbriar School (Negative 159)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Myster Hike in Cumberland (Negative 161)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Building used as Church and School (Negative 162)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Welch Cove Cabin (Negative 163) (1 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Welch Cove Cabin (Negative 163) (2 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Faines Home Cherokee National Forest (Negative 164)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Old Cabin Along Trail to Dupont Springs (Negative 165)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Camp Henry Lodge (Negative 166)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Uncle Toms Cabin (Negative 167)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Old Cabin Along Rhododendron Creek (Negative 168)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Old Inn the Cumberland (Negative 169)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Old Mill in Pittman Center Section (Negative 170) (1 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Old Mill in Pittman Center Section (Negative 170) (2 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Photo of Mill (Negative 171) (1 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Photo of Mill (Negative 171) (2 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Photo of Mill (Negative 171) (3 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, negative of gears (Negative 172)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hooper Bald Lodge (Negative 173)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Professor Duncan Handfull of Shingles (Negative 174)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Professor Duncan on Horse Back (Negative 175) (1 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Professor Duncan on Horse Back (Negative 175) (2 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Professor Duncan Along River (Negative 176)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Professor Duncan and Bert Garner (Negative 177)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Professor Duncan and Bert at old Hammer (sp?) (Negative 178) (1 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '463 - Chilhowee'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Professor Duncan and Bert at old Hammer (sp?) (Negative 178) (2 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound Gap before Road cut through (Negative 179) (1 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound Gap before Road cut through (Negative 179) (2 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound Gap before road cut through (Negative 181)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound Gap before road cut through (Negative 182)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound Gap before road cut through (Negative 183)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound Gap before road cut through (Negative 184)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chimneys Camp Ground in Snow (Negative 186)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chimneys made near river (Negative 187)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chimneys from Sugarlands (Negative 188)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Asheville, North Carolina'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chimneys from Old Indian Gap Hotel (Negative 189) (1 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chimneys from Old Indian Gap Hotel (Negative 189) (2 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'West Barber Climbing Chimneys (Negative 190)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Shadow of Chimneys on LeConte (Negative 191)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Close up of the top of Chimneys (Negative 192)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'One Chimney from other (Negative 193)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chimney from the under path (Negative 194)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Group on hike up Sugarland Valley (Negative 196)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chimneys from Sugarland (Negative 197)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'One Chimney from the other (Negative 198)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '464 - Mt. Mingus and Road Prong'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'From Trail to Alum Cave (Negative 200)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'From Trail to Alum Cave (Negative 201)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Cabin (Negative 249)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Rail Road Tracks and Train (Negative 292)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Frozen Waterfall (no negative number)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Cabin (no negative number)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Waterfall (no negative number)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Valley (no negative number)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (no negative number)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Hikers (no negative number)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Pews (no negative number)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Mountain Road (no negative number)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled River (no negative number)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Stream along Alum Cave trail (Negative 201)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cascades in Huggins Hill Section (Negative 202)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Views in Huggins Hill Section (Negative 203) (1 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Views in Huggins Hill Section (Negative 203) (2 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Views in Huggins Hill Section (Negative 203) (3 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Views in Huggins Hill Section (Negative 204)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Alum Cave (Negative 205) (1 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Alum Cave (Negative 205) (2 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Arch Rock (Negative 206)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hole in Rock Mountain (Negative 207)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Nest on Hole in Rock Mountain (Negative 208)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Looking through hole in Rock Mountain (Negative 209)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hole in Rock Mountain from Old Trail (Negative 210)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Joe Green Flash Flood (Negative 211)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Joe Green (Negative 212)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mary on Logging Train (Negative 213)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Wreck off Logging Train (Negative 214)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Putting rail cars upright (Negative 215)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Marshall Wilson on Old Engine (Negative 216)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Indian Gap and side of Mt. Morgans (Negative 217)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Trail near Indian Gap in Snow (Negative 218)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Club at Indian Gap in Snow (Negative 219)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Highway at Indian Gap under construction (Negative 221)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Highway at Indian Gap in snow (Negative 222)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Silers Bald Shelter (Negative 223)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Roger Howell at Ice Water Shelter (Negative 224)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Little Indian Gap Shelter (Negative 225)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cosby Knob Shelter (Negative 226)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cable Gap Shelter (Negative 227)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Spence Field Shelter (Negative 228)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Charlies Bunion from Horse Shoe Mountain (Negative 229)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'North Slope of Charlies Bunion (Negative 231)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Tree near Charlies Bunion (Negative 232)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Harvey Broome climbing the Bunion (Negative 233)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Jump off and LeConte from Dry Sluice (Negative 234)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Les Ahers on Rock on English Mountain (Negative 235)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Halltop from English Mountain (Negative 236)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Blockade near Dry Sluice (Negative 238)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Spend Night near Deal Gap (Negative 239)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Side of State Line near Eagle Rock (Negative 240)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Concrete Bridge across Little River below Townsend (Negative 241)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Lake near Highway 33 bridge (Negative 242)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mill along Trail to hangover (Negative 243)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Swing bridge over Citico Creek (Negative 244)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Swing bridge at Waterville NC (Negative 245'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Swing bridge across Little River below Townsend (Negative 246)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Old Mill along LeConte Creek (Negative 247)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Old Mill in Yellow Creek section NC (Negative 248) (1 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Old Mill in Yellow Creek section NC (Negative 248) (2 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Inside of Old Mill up Kalance Fork Greenbrier (Negative 251)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Wheel of Old Griss Mill on Way up Kalance Fork (Negative 252)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Along Old trail up Kalance Fork (Negative 253)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Big Chestnut tree along the A. T. (Negative 254)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Large Chestnut tree in Porters Flats (Negative 255)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Tree up Kalance Forks (Negative 256)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hollow tree near Fort Harry (Negative 257)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hugh Hoss in one large tree in Joyce Kilmer Forest (Negative 258)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Oak tree on AT between Low Gap and Wheler Refuge (Negative 259)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Walkers walking cane near Treemont (Negative 260)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Large poplar tree along Kalance Fork (Negative 261)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Tree in Porters Flats (Negative 262)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Emerts Cove with LeConte in background (Negative 264)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Corn boiling at Will Johnson (Negative 265)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Shucking corn at Will Johnson (Negative 266)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Gauge along Rail Road on way to Will Johnson (Negative 267)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '464 - Sugarland and the Chimneys'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Table Rock Mountain (Negative 268)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hawksbill Mountain (Negative 269)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Camp near Hawksbill and Table Rock Mountain (Negative 270)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'West Barber at Spence Field Shelter (Negative 271)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Shelter on AT 2 miles east of Lemon Gap (Negative 272) (1 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Shelter on AT 2 miles east of Lemon Gap (Negative 272) (2 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Peck Corner Shelter (Negative 273)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Wesser Bald Shelter (Negative 274)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Shelter on Blood Mountain Blue Ridge Mountain GA (Negative 275)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Moore Spring Shelter Rock Howell (Negative 276)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Dr. Jennison after a storm on White Rock (Negative 277)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Tower on White Rock (Negative 278)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Banquet at Lea Lake (Negative 279)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Banquet at Lea Lake (Negative 280)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Past and present Presidents of Smoky Mountain Hiking Club (Negative 281)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Frying fish at Tom Devines (Negative 282)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Dr. Ford, Tom Devine, and Tom Duncan (Negative 283)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Fish fry at Tom Devines (Negative 284)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Fish fry at Tom Devines (Negative 285)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Fish fry at Tom Devines (Negative 286)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Group singing at fish fry (Negative 287)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Balsam Combs (Negative 288) (1 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Balsam Combs (Negative 288) (2 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Jessie Dempster on end of Clinch Mountain (Negative 289)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte from trail to Cove Mountain (Negative 290)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'On way to Dupont Springs (Negative 293)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'On trail along Fort Loudon Lake near Concord (Negative 294)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Bee Hives in Jim Holifield yard Yellow Creek (Negative 295)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Black birch along Snake Den Trail (Negative 296)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Bronze tablet at Gatlinburg (Negative 297)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hugh Hoss on trail to Spruce Mountain (Negative 298)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'White Sides NC (Negative 299)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Top of Richland Balsam (Negative 300)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'View from Mount Luke (Negative 301)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Trail to Brushy from Greenbrier (Negative 302)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 303)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'On Cheoah Bald doing a hard rain (Negative 304)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Group Portrait (Negative 305)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hugh Hoss on the AT White Rock [in] background (Negative 306)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Trail to Brushy from Orchard (Negative 307)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Trail up Snake Den Mountain White Rock in Back (Negative 308)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'On St. Line between Hugh Rt. Jump Off (Negative 309)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 310)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Calderwood Lake (Negative 312)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Little River (Negative 313)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Between Greenbrier and Hugh Ridge (Negative 314)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Dam at Pigeon Forge (Negative 315)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Lake Santeetlah  NC (Negative 316)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Half mile above Ramsey Cascades (Negative 317)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Fall Creek Falls (Negative 318)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Benton Falls (Negative 320)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Abrams Falls (Negative 321)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Rock House Falls (Negative 322) (1 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Rock House Falls (Negative 322) (2 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Les Akers at Caney Creek Falls (Negative 323)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Ramsey Cascades (Negative 324)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Ramsey Falls (Negative 325)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Just Above Cascades on Ramsey (Negative 326)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Between Greenbrier and Hugh Ridge (Negative 327)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Bald River Falls (Negative 328)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Falls on Roaring Forks (Negative 330)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Falls on Roaring Forks (Negative 331)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cumberland Falls KY (Negative 332)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Rainbow Falls/Frozen (Negative 333)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Rainbow Falls (Negative 334)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Falls on Spruce Flats and Honey Cove (Negative 336)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Falls below Cumberland Falls KY (Negative 337)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Abrams Falls in Winter (Negative 338)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Dry Falls NC (Negative 340)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Highland Falls NC (Negative 341)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '465 - Mary Blackwell at Moores Spring Shelter'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Camp on Wooley Top (Negative 342)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Club at Lean to on Silers Bald (Negative 343)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Spending night under big rock on way to Mount [illegible] (Negative 344)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Around Camp Fire on Wooley Top (Negative 345)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Camp at 3 Forks (Negative 346)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Scouting party Topoco and Wesser (Negative 347)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Sunset on Norris Lake (Negative 348)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Lake near Stinner Dock (Negative 349)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Lake from back of Louire [sp?] Boat (Negative 350)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Trappers Hut above Elkmont (Negative 351)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '467 - Cabin in the Brier'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Marshall Wilson and the Bear (Negative 352)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Lake (Negative 353)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Rain on Gregory Bald (Negative 354)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Old Grave on Straton Meadow (Negative 355)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Sandstone Rock along trail to Frozen Head (Negative 356)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'On way back to Procter field (Negative 357)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Country boys near Hartford (Negative 358)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Black Mountain stream through Mountain (Negative 359)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chas Gibson Dorothy Trainer (Negative 360)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Lionel Edney on Maddison Bald (Negative 361)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cades Cove (Negative 362)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cades Cove from Gregory (Negative 363)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Looking East across Cades Cove (Negative 364)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': "Cades Cove from Oliver's home (Negative 365)"}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Camp Phillip Nelson on way to Roan Mountain (Negative 366)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Camp Phillip Nelson on way to Roan Mountain (Negative 367)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Eating time on way to Roan Mountain (Negative 368)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'On Roan Mountain looking east (Negative 369)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Ale lunch at this house (Negative 370)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Looking across Roan Mountain (Negative 371)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Gang on top of Roan Mountain (Negative 372)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cumberland Falls (Negative 373)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Rhododendron in bloom on Roan Mountain (Negative 374)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cascades along Cane Creek after storm (Negative 375)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Fall Creek Falls (Negative 376)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mary at Cascades (Negative 377)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam at Night (Negative 378)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Rock Formation between Pigeon Forge and Gatlinburg (Negative 379)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Group Portrait (Negative 380)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'In snow between Silers and Buckeyed Jas [sp?] (Negative 381)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'First hike to Parson and Gregory Mrs. Smith and Party (Negative 382)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Camp site between Greenbrier and State line (Negative 383)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Joyce Kilmer Forest large poplar tree (Negative 384)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Bobcat at Frozen Head in Cumberland (Negative 385)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'A plaque at Joyce Kilmer Forest (Negative 386)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam from Reservoir Hill (Negative 387)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Little Pigeon near Chimneys (Negative 388)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'John Duncan on trail to Bullhead (Negative 389)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'John Duncan on trail to Bullhead (Negative 390)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Richard Bagwell on Rocky Spire Trail (Negative 391)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Trail between orchard and Rainbow Falls (Negative 392)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Trail between orchard and Rainbow Falls (Negative 393)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Trail between orchard and Rainbow Falls (Negative 394) (1 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Trail between orchard and Rainbow Falls (Negative 394) (2 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Trail between orchard and Rainbow Falls (Negative 395)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hiking Club starting their cabin (Negative 396)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hiking Club working on their cabin (Negative 397)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hiking Club working on their cabin (Negative 398)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hiking Club working on their cabin (Negative 399)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hiking Club working on their cabin (Negative 400)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Cabin (Negative 401)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Outdoor Oven (Negative 402)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Cabin (Negative 403)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Cabins (Negative 404)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Group in Shelter (Negative 405)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Cabins (Negative 406)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Cooking (Negative 407)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Cabin (Negative 408)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Group at Cabin (Negative 409)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Chopping Wood (Negative 410)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Logs (Negative 412)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Cabin (Negative 413)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Cooking in Kettle (Negative 414)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Group in Shelter (Negative 415)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Group in Cabin (Negative 416)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 417)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Group on Bridge (Negative 418)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Cabin (Negative 419)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled (Negative 420)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Portrait (Negative 421)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '468 - Shelter at Moores Spring'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Appalachian Trail Mark (Negative 422)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Man with Distance Measuring Wheel (Negative 423)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Hiking on Trail (Negative 424)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Campground (Negative 425)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Campground (Negative 426)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Man with Distance Measuring Wheel (Negative 427)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Hikers (Negative 429)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Hikers on Trail (Negative 430)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Hikers on Trail (Negative 431)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Hikers (Negative 432)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '469 - Camp near [Santeetlah] and Hangover'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 433)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Hikers in Clearing (Negative 434)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Mountain Landscape (Negative 435) (1 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Mountain Landscape (Negative 435) (2 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Hikers on Peak (Negative 436) (1 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Hikers on Peak (Negative 436) (2 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 437) (1 of 2)'}

	Box 54 (1935-1936): Box 44 through Box 59 consist of negatives removed from envelopes that were numbered and labeled by Roth. Most envelopes contained more than one negative. The folder names are taken from the envelope the negatives were removed from.

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 437) (2 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 438)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled People on Tower (Negative 439)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Tower (Negative 440)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Tunnel (Negative 441)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Tunnel (Negative 442)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 443)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Men on Tower (Negative 444)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Bridge (Negative 445)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Tower (Negative 446)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Tower and Building (Negative 447)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Tower (Negative 448)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled River and Cabins (Negative 449)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Mountain Road (Negative 450)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Valley Landscape (Negative 453)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Trees (Negative 455)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Cabins (Negative 456)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled 2 Men at Cabin (Negative 457)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Cabin and Camp (Negative 458)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled River (Negative 459)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Tree (Negative 460)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 461)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Trees and Mountains (Negative 462)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '471 - Fish Fry'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 463)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 464)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled 3 Men in Woods (Negative 465)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Group Resting (Negative 466)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Men with Packs (Negative 467)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Group Resting (Negative 468)'}

	Box 55 (1927-1937): Box 44 through Box 59 consist of negatives removed from envelopes that were numbered and labeled by Roth. Most envelopes contained more than one negative. The folder names are taken from the envelope the negatives were removed from.

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Group on Rock (Negative 471)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Group in Cabin (Negative 470)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Group in Front of Cabin (Negative 472)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Group (Negative 473)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '473 - Greenbrier up Rhododendron Creek'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Leaves (Negative 474)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Group by Stream (Negative 475)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 476)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 477)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Group (Negative 478)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Cabin (Negative 479)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled (Negative 480)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Waterfall (Negative 481)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Stream (Negative 482)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Group under Rock Face (Negative 483)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '474 - Piney Creek Gorge'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Stream (Negative 484)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Waterfall (Negative 485)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Rocks and Group on Bridge (Negative 486)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled River (Negative 487)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Cabin in Snow (Negative 488)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 489)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Bridge (Negative 490)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Trees in Snow (Negative 491)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '2 Hikers in Snow (Negative 492)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 493)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '475 - Cherokee Bluffs'}

	Box 56 (1937): Box 44 through Box 59 consist of negatives removed from envelopes that were numbered and labeled by Roth. Most envelopes contained more than one negative. The folder names are taken from the envelope the negatives were removed from.

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 494)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 496)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 497)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 498)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 499)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Trees (Negative 501)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 502)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 503)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 504)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Men at Overlook (Negative 506)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 507)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Group Portrait (Negative 508)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Farm (Negative 509)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Cars on Hill (Negative 510)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Overlook (Negative 511)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 512)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Trees (Negative 513)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Tree and Hill (Negative 514)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Overhang (Negative 515)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Group on Rock Overlook (Negative 516)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Man at Overlook (Negative 517)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled two Hikers at Overlook (Negative 518)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Men at Overlook (Negative 519)'}

	Box 57 (1937-1938): Box 44 through Box 59 consist of negatives removed from envelopes that were numbered and labeled by Roth. Most envelopes contained more than one negative. The folder names are taken from the envelope the negatives were removed from.

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled two Women at Overlook (Negative 520)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Gatlinburg (Negative 521)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 522)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 523)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 524)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 525)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 526)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '476 - Cove Mt.'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Woman at Overlook (Negative 527)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Fields (Negative 528)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 529)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 530)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 531)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled tw People in front of Cabin (Negative 532)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Tower and Cabin (Negative 533)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 534)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 535)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 536)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Rocky Landscape (Negative 537)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Road (Negative 538)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Hikers on Precipice (Negative 539)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Hikers on Overlook (Negative 540)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Hikers on Precipice (Negative 541)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Group in front of Cabin (Negative 542)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Waterfalls (Negative 543)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Group Portrait (Negative 544)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Group Portrait (Negative 545)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Group Portrait (Negative 546)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Group around Campfire (Negative 547)'}

	Box 58 (1938-1939): Box 44 through Box 59 consist of negatives removed from envelopes that were numbered and labeled by Roth. Most envelopes contained more than one negative. The folder names are taken from the envelope the negatives were removed from.

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Campsire (Negative 548)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled River (Negative 549)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled River (Negative 550)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 551)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Road (Negative 552)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 553)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Hiker putting up Appalachian Trail Marker (Negative 555)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Hiker with Appalachian Trail Marker (Negative 556)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled two Hikers in Clearing (Negative 557)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Hikers on Footbridge (Negative 558)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Hiker on Footbridge (Negative 559)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Cabin (Negative 560)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Wooden Structure (Negative 561)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Hikers Resting (Negative 562)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Hikers on Trail (Negative 563)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Hikers at Cabin (Negative 564)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Shelter with Registration (Negative 565)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled American Flag (Negative 566)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Waterfall (Negative 568)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Waterfall (Negative 569)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Waterfall (Negative 570)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Hikers (Negative 571)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 573)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 574)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 576)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 578)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 579)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Hiking Group Resting (Negative 581)'}

	Box 59 (1936-1951): Box 44 through Box 59 consist of negatives removed from envelopes that were numbered and labeled by Roth. Most envelopes contained more than one negative. The folder names are taken from the envelope the negatives were removed from.

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Sawing Log (Negative 582)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Stream (Negative 586)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Tower and Cabin (Negative 587)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Waterfall (Negative 588)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Field (Negative 589)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Cabin (Negative 590)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Man with Tree (Negative 591)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Skiier (Negative 592)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Persons in Field (Negative 593)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Trees (Negative 594)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Campers (Negative 596)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '16- Reg. Hike. Leconte and Roaring Forks'}

	Box 60 (undated): Box 60 contains rolled, uncut negatives.

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Campers (Negative 597)'}

	Box 61 (1937-1968): Boxes 61, 62, and Box 63 Folders 1-64 contain negatives removed from glassine envelopes pasted into a three-ring binder. The titles were taken from the original envelopes. Photographic prints accompanied some of the negatives, which are indicated in the finding aid. These photographs reside in Box 68, Folders 1-24.

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Group with Watermelons (Negative 598)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Group Portrait (Negative 599)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Group Portrait (Negative 600)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Group Sawing Log (Negative 601)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Sawmill (Negative 602)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Building Cabin (Negative 603)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Train Tracks (Negative 604)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Group in Tunnel (Negative 605)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled People Riding Train (Negative 606)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Woods (Negative 607)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Church (Negative 608)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Church (Negative 609)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Gathering by Water (Negative 610)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Waterfall (Negative 611)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Rocky Precipice (Negative 612)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Photographer (Negative 613)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Smoke in Woods (Negative 614)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Group in Clearing (Negative 615)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Group on Rocks (Negative 616)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '477 - Clinch Mt.'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Campers (Negative 617)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Hikers (Negative 618)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Man on Rock (Negative 619)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Group by Road (Negative 620)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Stream (Negative 621)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Aerial Landscape (Negative 622)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 623)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Tower (Negative 624)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Cabin and Tower (Negative 625)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Buildings (Negative 626)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Building (Negative 627)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Tower (Negative 628)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Road and Cliff (Negative 629)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Hiker at Overlook (Negative 630)'}

	Box 62 (1968-1970): Boxes 61, 62, and Box 63 Folders 1-64 contain negatives removed from glassine envelopes pasted into a three-ring binder. The titles were taken from the original envelopes. Photographic prints accompanied some of the negatives, which are indicated in the finding aid. These photographs reside in Box 68, Folders 1-24.

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 631)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 632)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Tower (Negative 634)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 635)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Tower (Negative 636)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Tower (Negative 637)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Forest (Negative 639)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 641)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 642)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Gathering (Negative 643)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Gathering (Negative 644)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 645)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Climber (Negative 646)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Group in Woods (Negative 647)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Precipice (Negative 648)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Outdoors (Negative 649)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 650)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 651)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 652)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Group in Bathing Suits (Negative 653)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Cabin (Negative 654)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Photographer Landscape (Negative 655)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Turtle (Negative 656)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Building (Negative 657)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Hiker at Overlook (Negative 658) (1 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Hiker at Overlook (Negative 658) (2 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Rock Climbers (Negative 659)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Camp Site (Negative 660)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Outdoors (Negative 661)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Group on Rocks (Negative 662)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Bridge in Woods (Negative 663)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Overhang (Negative 664)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Tunnel (Negative 665)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 666)'}

	Box 63 (1913-1927, 1968-1973): Folders 1-64 contain negatives removed from glassine envelopes pasted into a three-ring binder. The titles were taken from the original envelopes. Photographic prints accompanied some of the negatives, which are indicated in the finding aid. The photographs reside in Box 68, Folders 1-24. Folders 65-189 contain negatives removed from loose envelopes. The titles were taken from the original envelopes, except those beginning with \untitled,\ which were given a descriptive title. Photographs accompanied some of the negatives, which were removed and placed in flat boxes: Box 68 folders 25-39, Box 69 folders 1-40, and Box 70 folders 1-22.

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Tunnel (Negative 667)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Buildings in Valley (Negative 668)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 669)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Group Portrait with Photographer (Negative 670)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Trees (Negative 671)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Group Portrait (Negative 672)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 673)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape and Clouds (Negative 674)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Lake (Negative 675)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 676)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape (Negative 677)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Group in Front of Hearth (Negative 678)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '478 - House Mt.'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled campsite (Negative 679)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled landscape (Negative 680)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled landscape (Negative 681)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled landscape (Negative 682)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled lake (Negative 683)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled cutting logs (Negative 684)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled landscape (Negative 685)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled landscape (Negative 686)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled hiker in landscape (Negative 687)'}

	Box 64 (1925-1962): Box 63 (Folders 65-189)\u2013Box 67 contains negatives removed from loose envelopes. The titles were taken from the original envelopes, except those beginning with \untitled,\ which were given a descriptive title. Photographs accompanied some of the negatives, which were removed and placed in flat boxes: Box 68 folders 25-39, Box 69 folders 1-40, and Box 70 folders 1-22.

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled woods (Negative 688)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled bridge over waterfall (Negative 689)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled waterfall (Negative 693)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled waterfall (Negative 690)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled landscape with stream (Negative 691)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled waterfall (Negative 692)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled waterfall (Negative 694)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled creek (Negative 695)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled waterfall (Negative 696)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled waterfall (Negative 697)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled cave (Negative 698)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '20- Reg. Hike. Laurel Falls'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled waterfall (Negative 699)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled waterfall (Negative 700)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled waterfall (Negative 701)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled waterfall (Negative 702)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled waterfall (Negative 703)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled waterfall (Negative 704)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled waterfall (Negative 705)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled landscape (Negative 706)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled bridge (Negative 707)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled landscape (Negative 708)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled group outside cabin (Negative 709)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled landscape (Negative 710)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled group in woods (Negative 711)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled group landscape (Negative 712)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled landscape (Negative 713)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled group (Negative 716)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled group under waterfall (Negative 717)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled nature (Negative 718)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled waterfall (Negative 719)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled waterfall (Negative 722)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '479 - Little River Hike'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled landscape (Negative 725)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled waterfall (Negative 726)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled hollow log (Negative 727)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled landscape (Negative 728)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled train, river, and landscape (Negative 731)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled hikers (Negative 733)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled woman at overlook (Negative 735)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled two campers on top of cliif (Negative 736)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled railroad tracks up mountain (Negative 738)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled cabin (Negative 740)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled cabin and buildings (Negative 742)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled landscape (Negative 743)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled cabin (Negative 745)'}

	Box 65 (circa 1930-1962): Box 63 (Folders 65-189)\u2013Box 67 contains negatives removed from loose envelopes. The titles were taken from the original envelopes, except those beginning with \untitled,\ which were given a descriptive title. Photographs accompanied some of the negatives, which were removed and placed in flat boxes: Box 68 folders 25-39, Box 69 folders 1-40, and Box 70 folders 1-22.

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled group in cabin (Negative 746)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled hikers (Negative 747)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled hiker on trail (Negative 748)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled landscape (Negative 750)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled landscape (Negative 751)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled landscape (Negative 752)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled trail (Negative 753)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled group under shelter (Negative 754)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled church (Negative 755)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled building (Negative 756)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled cabin (Negative 759)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled cabin (Negative 760)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled landscape (Negative 761)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled hiker (Negative 762)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled hiker up steps (Negative 763)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled landscape (Negative 764)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled landscape (Negative 766)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '480 - Norris Dam from Rev Hill'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled landscape (Negative 767)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Climber on the rocks (Negative 768)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled hiker (Negative 769)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled rocks (Negative 770)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled rock landscape (Negative 771)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled bridge (Negative 772)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled waterfall (Negative 773)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled waterfall (Negative 774)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled landscape (Negative 775)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled hiker (Negative 776)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Appalachian trail sign (Negative 777) (1 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Appalachian trail sign (Negative 777) (2 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled hiker (Negative 778)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled stream and bridge (Negative 779)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled landscape (Negative 781)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled waterfall (Negative 783)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled landscape (Negative 785)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled hiker (Negative 786)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled landscape (Negative 787)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled trees (Negative 788)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled road (Negative 789)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled five hikers (Negative 790)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled two people (Negative 791)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled landscape (Negative 793)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled people in field (Negative 794)'}

	Box 66 (circa 1940-1971): Box 63 (Folders 65-189)\u2013Box 67 contains negatives removed from loose envelopes. The titles were taken from the original envelopes, except those beginning with \untitled,\ which were given a descriptive title. Photographs accompanied some of the negatives, which were removed and placed in flat boxes: Box 68 folders 25-39, Box 69 folders 1-40, and Box 70 folders 1-22.

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled landscape (Negative 795)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled hikers in trees (Negative 797)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled group in parking lot (Negative 798)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled landscape (Negative 799)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled landscape (Negative 800)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled landscape (Negative 801)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled train (Negative 802)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled landscape (Negative 803)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled landscape (Negative 804)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled rock precipice (Negative 805)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled woman at plaque (Negative 806)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled waterfall (Negative 807)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled hikers in rain gear (Negative 808)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled dam (Negative 809)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled lake (Negative 810)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled lake (Negative 811)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled lake (Negative 813)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled game with frying pans (Negative 816)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled waterfall in ravine (Negative 817)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled cabin (Negative 818)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled hiker and landscape (Negative 819)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled landscape (Negative 820) (1 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled landscape (Negative 820) (2 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled landscape (Negative 820) (3 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled overlook (Negative 821)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '481 - Dupont Springs'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '28-Reg. Hike. LeConte & Rocky Spur'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled man cooking (Negative 822)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled group in cabin (Negative 823)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled landscape (Negative 824)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled landscape (Negative 825)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled group sitting outdoors (Negative 826)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled bridge (Negative 827)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled two hikers (Negative 828)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled landscape (Negative 834)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled outdoor stoves (Negative 835)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled landscape (Negative 836) (1 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '482 - Hike from Fountain City to Beaver and Back Oak Ridge'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled landscape (Negative 836) (2 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled landscape (Negative 837)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled landscape (Negative 838)'}

	Box 67 (1971-circa 1985): Box 63 (Folders 65-189)\u2013Box 67 contains negatives removed from loose envelopes. The titles were taken from the original envelopes, except those beginning with \untitled,\which were given a descriptive title. Photographs accompanied some of the negatives, which were removed and placed in flat boxes: Box 68 folders 25-39, Box 69 folders 1-40, and Box 70 folders 1-22.

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled hiker and landscape (Negative 839)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled landscape (Negative 840)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled tunnel (Negative 841)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled landscape (Negative 842)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled three people on trail (Negative 844)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled child on mountain top (Negative 846)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled landscape (Negative 848)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled hiker and landscape (Negative 849)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled sitting in front of fire (Negative 850)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled campsite (Negative 851)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled landscape (Negative 852)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled landscape (Negative 853)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Wesser Bald Shelter (Negative 856)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled landscape (Negative 857)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled landscape (Negative 858)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled building (Negative 859)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled painted signs (Negative 861)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled cabin (Negative 862)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled sign in snow (Negative 867)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled tower (Negative 870)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled people in front of building (Negative 871)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled tower (Negative 872)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled hiker (Negative 876)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled group by car; cabins (Negative 877)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled landscape (Negative 878)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled two men and logs (Negative 879)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled landscape (Negative 880)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '483 - Guy Frizzell Home'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled landscape (Negative 881)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled diver (Negative 882)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled landscape (Negative 883)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled landscape (Negative 885)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled landscape (Negative 886)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled stream (Negative 887)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled outdoor gathering (Negative 888)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled outdoor gathering (Negative 890)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled group in trees (Negative 891)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled group in woods (Negative 892)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled landscape (Negative 893)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled landscape (Negative 894)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled landscape (Negative 896)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled tree (Negative 897)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled woman in hollow tree (Negative 898)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled tree (Negative 899)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untited cabins (Negative 454)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled mountain after fire (Negative 230)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled cabin (Negative 160)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled cabins in woods (Negative 212)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Gregory Bald (Negative 1070)'}

	Box 68 (1913-1972): Box 68, 69, and 70 are flat boxes consisting of photographic prints.

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled sheep (Negative 575)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled landscape (Negative 500)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Special hike LeConte and Rocky Spur (Envelope 1) (1 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Special hike LeConte and Rocky Spur (Envelope 1) (2 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Special hike LeConte and Rocky Spur (Envelope 1) (3 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Special hike LeConte and Rocky Spur (Envelope 1) (4 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Special hike LeConte and Rocky Spur (Envelope 1) (5 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Special hike LeConte and Rocky Spur (Envelope 1) (6 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Special hike LeConte and Rocky Spur (Envelope 1) (7 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '484 - Johnson Farm Hike'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Indian Hike (Envelope 2, Negatives 9-22 and 67-68) (1 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Indian Hike (Envelope 2, Negatives 9-22 and 67-68) (2 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Indian Hike (Envelope 2, Negatives 9-22 and 67-68) (3 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Indian Hike (Envelope 2, Negatives 9-22 and 67-68) (4 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Indian Hike (Envelope 2, Negatives 9-22 and 67-68) (5 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Indian Hike (Envelope 2, Negatives 9-22 and 67-68) (6 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Indian Hike (Envelope 2, Negatives 9-22 and 67-68) (7 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Indian Hike (Envelope 2, Negatives 9-22 and 67-68) (8 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Indian Hike (Envelope 2, Negatives 9-22 and 67-68) (9 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Indian Hike (Envelope 2, Negatives 9-22 and 67-68) (10 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Indian Hike (Envelope 2, Negatives 9-22 and 67-68) (11 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Indian Hike (Envelope 2, Negatives 9-22 and 67-68) (12 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Indian Hike (Envelope 2, Negatives 9-22 and 67-68) (13 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Indian Hike (Envelope 2, Negatives 9-22 and 67-68) (14 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mount Luke (Envelope 3, Negatives 23-27) (1 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mount Luke (Envelope 3, Negatives 23-27) (2 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mount Luke (Envelope 3, Negatives 23-27) (3 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mount Harrison (Envelope 5, Negatives 36-38) (1 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mount Harrison (Envelope 5, Negatives 36-38) (2 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte (Envelope 6, Negatives 39-55 and 57-61) (1 of 23)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte (Envelope 6, Negatives 39-55 and 57-61) (2 of 23)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte (Envelope 6, Negatives 39-55 and 57-61) (3 of 23)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte (Envelope 6, Negatives 39-55 and 57-61) (4 of 23)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte (Envelope 6, Negatives 39-55 and 57-61) (5 of 23)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte (Envelope 6, Negatives 39-55 and 57-61) (6 of 23)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte (Envelope 6, Negatives 39-55 and 57-61) (7 of 23)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte (Envelope 6, Negatives 39-55 and 57-61) (8 of 23)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte (Envelope 6, Negatives 39-55 and 57-61) (9 of 23)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte (Envelope 6, Negatives 39-55 and 57-61) (10 of 23)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte (Envelope 6, Negatives 39-55 and 57-61) (11 of 23)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '30-Reg. Hike. Norton Creek'}

	Box 69 (circa 1930-1941): Box 68, 69, and 70 are flat boxes consisting of photographic prints.

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte (Envelope 6, Negatives 39-55 and 57-61) (12 of 23)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte (Envelope 6, Negatives 39-55 and 57-61) (13 of 23)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte (Envelope 6, Negatives 39-55 and 57-61) (14 of 23)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte (Envelope 6, Negatives 39-55 and 57-61) (15 of 23)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte (Envelope 6, Negatives 39-55 and 57-61) (16 of 23)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte (Envelope 6, Negatives 39-55 and 57-61) (17 of 23)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte (Envelope 6, Negatives 39-55 and 57-61) (18 of 23)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte (Envelope 6, Negatives 39-55 and 57-61) (19 of 23)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte (Envelope 6, Negatives 39-55 and 57-61) (20 of 23)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte (Envelope 6, Negatives 39-55 and 57-61) (21 of 23)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '485 - Lea Lake and Clinch Mt.'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte (Envelope 6, Negatives 39-55 and 57-61) (22 of 23)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte (Envelope 6, Negatives 39-55 and 57-61) (23 of 23)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Rich Mountain (Envelope 7, Negatives 69-78) (1 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Rich Mountain (Envelope 7, Negatives 69-78) (2 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Rich Mountain (Envelope 7, Negatives 69-78) (3 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Rich Mountain (Envelope 7, Negatives 69-78) (4 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Rich Mountain (Envelope 7, Negatives 69-78) (5 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Rich Mountain (Envelope 7, Negatives 69-78) (6 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Rich Mountain (Envelope 7, Negatives 69-78) (7 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Rich Mountain (Envelope 7, Negatives 69-78) (8 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Rich Mountain (Envelope 7, Negatives 69-78) (9 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Rich Mountain (Envelope 7, Negatives 69-78) (10 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Round top line Springs/Peach Orchard South Knoxville (Envelope 10, Negatives 82-84 and 79-81) (1 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Round top line Springs/Peach Orchard South Knoxville (Envelope 10, Negatives 82-84 and 79-81) (2 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Round top line Springs/Peach Orchard South Knoxville (Envelope 10, Negatives 82-84 and 79-81) (3 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Clinch Mountain (Envelope 11, Negatives 87, 91, 95) (1 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Clinch Mountain (Envelope 11, Negatives 87, 91, 95) (2 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Clinch Mountain (Envelope 11, Negatives 87, 91, 95) (3 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte, Mount Alexander, and Newfound Gap (Picture of Newfound Gap before cut through) (Envelope 12, Negatives 85, 86, 88-90, 92-94, 96, 98, 100, and 102) (1 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte, Mount Alexander, and Newfound Gap (Picture of Newfound Gap before cut through) (Envelope 12, Negatives 85, 86, 88-90, 92-94, 96, 98, 100, and 102) (2 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte, Mount Alexander, and Newfound Gap (Picture of Newfound Gap before cut through) (Envelope 12, Negatives 85, 86, 88-90, 92-94, 96, 98, 100, and 102) (3 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte, Mount Alexander, and Newfound Gap (Picture of Newfound Gap before cut through) (Envelope 12, Negatives 85, 86, 88-90, 92-94, 96, 98, 100, and 102) (4 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte, Mount Alexander, and Newfound Gap (Picture of Newfound Gap before cut through) (Envelope 12, Negatives 85, 86, 88-90, 92-94, 96, 98, 100, and 102) (5 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte, Mount Alexander, and Newfound Gap (Picture of Newfound Gap before cut through) (Envelope 12, Negatives 85, 86, 88-90, 92-94, 96, 98, 100, and 102) (6 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte, Mount Alexander, and Newfound Gap (Picture of Newfound Gap before cut through) (Envelope 12, Negatives 85, 86, 88-90, 92-94, 96, 98, 100, and 102) (7 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte, Mount Alexander, and Newfound Gap (Picture of Newfound Gap before cut through) (Envelope 12, Negatives 85, 86, 88-90, 92-94, 96, 98, 100, and 102) (8 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte, Mount Alexander, and Newfound Gap (Picture of Newfound Gap before cut through) (Envelope 12, Negatives 85, 86, 88-90, 92-94, 96, 98, 100, and 102) (9 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte, Mount Alexander, and Newfound Gap (Picture of Newfound Gap before cut through) (Envelope 12, Negatives 85, 86, 88-90, 92-94, 96, 98, 100, and 102) (10 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Neubert Spring Hike (Envelope 13, Negatives 97, 99, 101) (1 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Neubert Spring Hike (Envelope 13, Negatives 97, 99, 101) (2 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '486 - New Found Gap and Prints'}

	Box 70 (1925-circa 1972): Box 68, 69, and 70 are flat boxes consisting of photographic prints.

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Neubert Spring Hike (Envelope 13, Negatives 97, 99, 101) (3 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Thunderhead (Envelope 14, Negatives 103-108) (1 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Thunderhead (Envelope 14, Negatives 103-108) (2 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Thunderhead (Envelope 14, Negatives 103-108) (3 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Thunderhead (Envelope 14, Negatives 103-108) (4 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Thunderhead (Envelope 14, Negatives 103-108) (5 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Thunderhead (Envelope 14, Negatives 103-108) (6 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cold Spring Greenville (Envelope 15, Negatives 109-120, 128, 129, and 136) (Prints removed to Box 40, Folder 7) (1 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cold Spring Greenville (Envelope 15, Negatives 109-120, 128, 129, and 136) (Prints removed to Box 40, Folder 7) (2 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cold Spring Greenville (Envelope 15, Negatives 109-120, 128, 129, and 136) (Prints removed to Box 40, Folder 7) (3 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cold Spring Greenville (Envelope 15, Negatives 109-120, 128, 129, and 136) (Prints removed to Box 40, Folder 7) (4 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cold Spring Greenville (Envelope 15, Negatives 109-120, 128, 129, and 136) (Prints removed to Box 40, Folder 7) (5 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cold Spring Greenville (Envelope 15, Negatives 109-120, 128, 129, and 136) (Prints removed to Box 40, Folder 7) (6 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cold Spring Greenville (Envelope 15, Negatives 109-120, 128, 129, and 136) (Prints removed to Box 40, Folder 7) (7 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cold Spring Greenville (Envelope 15, Negatives 109-120, 128, 129, and 136) (Prints removed to Box 40, Folder 7) (8 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cold Spring Greenville (Envelope 15, Negatives 109-120, 128, 129, and 136) (Prints removed to Box 40, Folder 7) (9 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cold Spring Greenville (Envelope 15, Negatives 109-120, 128, 129, and 136) (Prints removed to Box 40, Folder 7) (10 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cold Spring Greenville (Envelope 15, Negatives 109-120, 128, 129, and 136) (Prints removed to Box 40, Folder 7) (11 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte and Roaring Forks (Envelope 16, Negatives 121-127, 130, 132-135, 137, and 138) (1 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte and Roaring Forks (Envelope 16, Negatives 121-127, 130, 132-135, 137, and 138) (2 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '487 - LaFollette Tenn.'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte and Roaring Forks (Envelope 16, Negatives 121-127, 130, 132-135, 137, and 138) (3 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte and Roaring Forks (Envelope 16, Negatives 121-127, 130, 132-135, 137, and 138) (4 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte and Roaring Forks (Envelope 16, Negatives 121-127, 130, 132-135, 137, and 138) (5 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte and Roaring Forks (Envelope 16, Negatives 121-127, 130, 132-135, 137, and 138) (6 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte and Roaring Forks (Envelope 16, Negatives 121-127, 130, 132-135, 137, and 138) (7 of 13)'}

	Box 71 (circa 1920-circa 1925): Box 71 is a flat custom box containing three large format negatives.

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte and Roaring Forks (Envelope 16, Negatives 121-127, 130, 132-135, 137, and 138) (8 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte and Roaring Forks (Envelope 16, Negatives 121-127, 130, 132-135, 137, and 138) (9 of 13)'}

	Box 387 (undated): Box 387 consists of the containers that originally held the negatives, such as negative books and envelopes.

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte and Roaring Forks (Envelope 16, Negatives 121-127, 130, 132-135, 137, and 138) (10 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte and Roaring Forks (Envelope 16, Negatives 121-127, 130, 132-135, 137, and 138) (11 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte and Roaring Forks (Envelope 16, Negatives 121-127, 130, 132-135, 137, and 138) (12 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte and Roaring Forks (Envelope 16, Negatives 121-127, 130, 132-135, 137, and 138) (13 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Indian Cave at New Market (Envelope 17, Negative 139)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Dry Sluice Gap (Envelope 18, Negatives 141-143) (1 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Dry Sluice Gap (Envelope 18, Negatives 141-143) (2 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Dry Sluice Gap (Envelope 18, Negatives 141-143) (3 of 4)'}

	Box 73 (1920-1992): Box 73 includes journal entries, notes, correspondences, newspaper articles, newsletters, maps, membership cards, and membership lists all related to the Smoky Mountain Hiking Club.

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Dry Sluice Gap (Envelope 18, Negatives 141-143) (4 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Gregory Bald Hike (Envelope 19, Negatives 145-148) (1 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Gregory Bald Hike (Envelope 19, Negatives 145-148) (2 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Gregory Bald Hike (Envelope 19, Negatives 145-148) (3 of 5)'}

	The copy in this folder is a photocopy for reference. To see the original document, please see box 74.

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Gregory Bald Hike (Envelope 19, Negatives 145-148) (4 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Gregory Bald Hike (Envelope 19, Negatives 145-148) (5 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Laurel Falls (Envelope 20, Negatives 149-153) (1 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Laurel Falls (Envelope 20, Negatives 149-153) (2 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Laurel Falls (Envelope 20, Negatives 149-153) (3 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Laurel Falls (Envelope 20, Negatives 149-153) (4 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Greenbrier Brushy and Leconte Alum Cave (Envelope 21, Negatives 154-159 and 165) (1 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Greenbrier Brushy and Leconte Alum Cave (Envelope 21, Negatives 154-159 and 165) (2 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Greenbrier Brushy and Leconte Alum Cave (Envelope 21, Negatives 154-159 and 165) (3 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Greenbrier Brushy and Leconte Alum Cave (Envelope 21, Negatives 154-159 and 165) (4 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Greenbrier Brushy and Leconte Alum Cave (Envelope 21, Negatives 154-159 and 165) (5 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Greenbrier Brushy and Leconte Alum Cave (Envelope 21, Negatives 154-159 and 165) (6 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Greenbrier Brushy and Leconte Alum Cave (Envelope 21, Negatives 154-159 and 165) (7 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Dupont Springs (Envelope 22, Negatives 162)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chimneys (Envelope 23, Negatives 161, 163, and 164) (1 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chimneys (Envelope 23, Negatives 161, 163, and 164) (2 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chimneys (Envelope 23, Negatives 161, 163, and 164) (3 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Sharp Ridge (Envelope 24, Negative 160)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Camp Margaret Townsend (Envelope 25, Negatives 166-170) (1 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Camp Margaret Townsend (Envelope 25, Negatives 166-170) (2 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Camp Margaret Townsend (Envelope 25, Negatives 166-170) (3 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '33-Reg. Hike. Cove Mt. Instead of trip to [Waterville]'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Camp Margaret Townsend (Envelope 25, Negatives 166-170) (4 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Camp Margaret Townsend (Envelope 25, Negatives 166-170) (5 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Camp Margaret Townsend (Envelope 25, Negatives 166-170) (6 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'House Mountain (Envelope 26, Negatives 171-174) (1 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'House Mountain (Envelope 26, Negatives 171-174) (2 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'House Mountain (Enveleope 26, Negatives 171-174) (3 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'House Mountain (Envelope 26, Negatives 171-174) (4 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Round Top and Lime Springs (Envelope 27, Negatives 175-182) (1 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Round Top and Lime Springs (Envelope 27, Negatives 175-182) (2 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Round Top and Lime Springs (Envelope 27, Negatives 175-182) (3 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '488 - Chimneys'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Round Top and Lime Springs (Envelope 27, Negatives 175-182) (4 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Round Top and Lime Springs (Envelope 27, Negatives 175-182) (5 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Round Top and Lime Springs (Envelope 27, Negatives 175-182) (6 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Round Top and Lime Springs (Envelope 27, Negatives 175-182) (7 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Round Top and Lime Springs (Envelope 27, Negatives 175-182) (8 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte and Rocky Spur (Envelope 28, Negatives 183-194, 195, 197, 198, and 200) (1 of 17)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte and Rocky Spur (Envelope 28, Negatives 183-194, 195, 197, 198, and 200) (2 of 17)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte and Rocky Spur (Envelope 28, Negatives 183-194, 195, 197, 198, and 200) (3 of 17)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte and Rocky Spur (Envelope 28, Negatives 183-194, 195, 197, 198, and 200) (4 of 17)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte and Rocky Spur (Envelope 28, Negatives 183-194, 195, 197, 198, and 200) (5 of 17)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte and Rocky Spur (Envelope 28, Negatives 183-194, 195, 197, 198, and 200) (6 of 17)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte and Rocky Spur (Envelope 28, Negatives 183-194, 195, 197, 198, and 200) (7 of 17)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte and Rocky Spur (Envelope 28, Negatives 183-194, 195, 197, 198, and 200) (8 of 17)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte and Rocky Spur (Envelope 28, Negatives 183-194, 195, 197, 198, and 200) (9 of 17)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte and Rocky Spur (Envelope 28, Negatives 183-194, 195, 197, 198, and 200) (10 of 17)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte and Rocky Spur (Envelope 28, Negatives 183-194, 195, 197, 198, and 200) (11 of 17)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte and Rocky Spur (Envelope 28, Negatives 183-194, 195, 197, 198, and 200) (12 of 17)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte and Rocky Spur (Envelope 28, Negatives 183-194, 195, 197, 198, and 200) (13 of 17)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte and Rocky Spur (Envelope 28, Negatives 183-194, 195, 197, 198, and 200) (14 of 17)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte and Rocky Spur (Envelope 28, Negatives 183-194, 195, 197, 198, and 200) (15 of 17)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte and Rocky Spur (Envelope 28, Negatives 183-194, 195, 197, 198, and 200) (16 of 17)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte and Rocky Spur (Envelope 28, Negatives 183-194, 195, 197, 198, and 200) (17 of 17)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chilhowee at Walland (Envelope 29, Negatives 196-199) (1 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chilhowee at Walland (Envelope 29, Negatives 196-199) (2 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norton Creek and Gatlinburg (Envelope 30, Negatives 201-205) (1 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norton Creek and Gatlinburg (Envelope 30, Negatives 201-205) (2 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norton Creek and Gatlinburg (Envelope 30, Negatives 201-205) (3 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Gregory Bald by way of Calderwood (Envelope 31, Negatives 206-211 and 224-228) (1 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Gregory Bald by way of Calderwood (Envelope 31, Negatives 206-211 and 224-228) (2 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Gregory Bald by way of Calderwood (Envelope 31, Negatives 206-211 and 224-228) (3 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '489 - Bay Mt. Trip'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Gregory Bald by way of Calderwood (Envelope 31, Negatives 206-211 and 224-228) (4 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Gregory Bald by way of Calderwood (Envelope 31, Negatives 206-211 and 224-228) (5 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Gregory Bald by way of Calderwood (Envelope 31, Negatives 206-211 and 224-228) (6 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Gregory Bald by way of Calderwood (Envelope 31, Negatives 206-211 and 224-228) (7 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Gregory Bald by way of Calderwood (Envelope 31, Negatives 206-211 and 224-228) (8 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Gregory Bald by way of Calderwood (Envelope 31, Negatives 206-211 and 224-228) (9 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Gregory Bald by way of Calderwood (Envelope 31, Negatives 206-211 and 224-228) (10 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte to let the eagle loose (Envelope 32, Negatives 212-223 and 229-232) (1 of 15)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte to let the eagle loose (Envelope 32, Negatives 212-223 and 229-232) (2 of 15)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte to let the eagle loose (Envelope 32, Negatives 212-223 and 229-232) (3 of 15)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte to let the eagle loose (Envelope 32, Negatives 212-223 and 229-232) (4 of 15)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte to let the eagle loose (Envelope 32, Negatives 212-223 and 229-232) (5 of 15)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte to let the eagle loose (Envelope 32, Negatives 212-223 and 229-232) (6 of 15)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte to let the eagle loose (Envelope 32, Negatives 212-223 and 229-232) (7 of 15)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte to let the eagle loose (Envelope 32, Negatives 212-223 and 229-232) (8 of 15)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte to let the eagle loose (Envelope 32, Negatives 212-223 and 229-232) (9 of 15)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte to let the eagle loose (Envelope 32, Negatives 212-223 and 229-232) (10 of 15)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte to let the eagle loose (Envelope 32, Negatives 212-223 and 229-232) (11 of 15)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte to let the eagle loose (Envelope 32, Negatives 212-223 and 229-232) (12 of 15)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte to let the eagle loose (Envelope 32, Negatives 212-223 and 229-232) (13 of 15)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '490  - Near where Rosalie used to live'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte to let the eagle loose (Envelope 32, Negatives 212-223 and 229-232) (14 of 15)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte to let the eagle loose (Envelope 32, Negatives 212-223 and 229-232) (15 of 15)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cove Mountain (Envelope 33, Negatives 233-238) (1 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cove Mountain (Envelope 33, Negatives 233-238) (2 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cove Mountain (Envelope 33, Negatives 233-238) (3 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cove Mountain (Envelope 33, Negatives 233-238) (4 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cove Mountain (Envelope 33, Negatives 233-238) (5 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chimneys (Envelope 34, Negatives 239-243, 246-252, and 255) (1 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chimneys (Envelope 34, Negatives 239-243, 246-252, and 255) (2 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chimneys (Envelope 34, Negatives 239-243, 246-252, and 255) (3 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chimneys (Envelope 34, Negatives 239-243, 246-252, and 255) (4 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chimneys (Envelope 34, Negatives 239-243, 246-252, and 255) (5 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chimneys (Envelope 34, Negatives 239-243, 246-252, and 255) (6 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chimneys (Envelope 34, Negatives 239-243, 246-252, and 255) (7 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chimneys (Envelope 34, Negatives 239-243, 246-252, and 255) (8 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chimneys (Envelope 34, Negatives 239-243, 246-252, and 255) (9 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chimneys (Envelope 34, Negatives 239-243, 246-252, and 255) (10 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chimneys (Envelope 34, Negatives 239-243, 246-252, and 255) (11 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chimneys (Envelope 34, Negatives 239-243, 246-252, and 255) (12 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Rich Mountain (Envelope 35, Negatives 244-245) (1 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '491 - Black Oak Ridge'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Rich Mountain (Envelope 35, Negatives 244-245) (2 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cherokee Bluff (Envelope 36, Negatives 253, 254, and 256) (1 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cherokee Bluff (Envelope 36, Negatives 253, 254, and 256 (2 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cherokee Bluff (Envelope 36, Negatives 253, 254, and 256) (3 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Abrams Falls (Envelope 38, Negatives 257 and 262) (1 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Abrams Falls (Envelope 38, Negatives 257 and 262) (2 of2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Goodwill hike between North Carolina and Tennessee/Survey Tower on Clingman Dome on file (Envelope 39, Negatives 263 and 272) (1 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Goodwill hike between North Carolina and Tennessee/Survey Tower on Clingman Dome on file (Envelope 39, Negatives 263 and 272) (2 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Goodwill hike between North Carolina and Tennessee/Survey Tower on Clingman Dome on file (Envelope 39, Negatives 263 and 272) (3 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Goodwill hike between North Carolina and Tennessee/Survey Tower on Clingman Dome on file (Envelope 39, Negatives 263 and 272) (4 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Goodwill hike between North Carolina and Tennessee/Survey Tower on Clingman Dome on file (Envelope 39, Negatives 263 and 272) (5 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Goodwill hike between North Carolina and Tennessee/Survey Tower on Clingman Dome on file (Envelope 39, Negatives 263 and 272) (6 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Goodwill hike between North Carolina and Tennessee/Survey Tower on Clingman Dome on file (Envelope 39, Negatives 263 and 272) (7 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Goodwill hike between North Carolina and Tennessee/Survey Tower on Clingman Dome on file (Envelope 39, Negatives 263 and 272) (8 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mount LeConte - Roaring Forks Films (Envelope 40, Negatives 273-290) (1 of 10)'}

	Box 74 (undated): Box 74 consists of Tales from the Woods, a book created by Albert Roth and made up of text and photographs all relating to hiking in the Great Smoky Mountains. A photocopy of this volume is available in box 73, folder 5.

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mount LeConte - Roaring Forks Films (Envelope 40, Negatives 273-290) (2 of 10)'}

	Box 75 (1927-1960): Box 75 consists of oversized items, most of which are removed from Box 74.

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mount LeConte - Roaring Forks Films (Envelope 40, Negatives 273-290) (3 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mount LeConte - Roaring Forks Films (Envelope 40, Negatives 273-290) (4 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mount LeConte - Roaring Forks Films (Envelope 40, Negatives 273-290) (5 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mount LeConte - Roaring Forks Films (Envelope 40, Negatives 273-290) (6 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '492 - Cherokee Bluff'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '40-Reg. Hike LeConte and Roaring Forks'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mount LeConte - Roaring Forks Films (Envelope 40, Negatives 273-290) (7 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mount LeConte - Roaring Forks Films (Envelope 40, Negatives 273-290) (8 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mount LeConte - Roaring Forks Films (Envelope 40, Negatives 273-290) (9 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mount LeConte - Roaring Forks Films (Envelope 40, Negatives 273-290) (10 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Sharps Ridge (Envelope 41, Negatives 291 and 292) (1 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Sharps Ridge (Envelope 41, Negatives 291 and 292) (2 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte, Alexander and Newfound Gap (Envelope 42, Negatives 293-308, 312, and 314) (1 of 22)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte, Alexander and Newfound Gap (Envelope 42, Negatives 293-308, 312, and 314) (2 of 22)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte, Alexander and Newfound Gap (Envelope 42, Negatives 293-308, 312, and 314) (3 of 22)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte, Alexander and Newfound Gap (Envelope 42, Negatives 293-308, 312, and 314) (4 of 22)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte, Alexander and Newfound Gap (Envelope 42, Negatives 293-308, 312, and 314) (5 of 22)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte, Alexander and Newfound Gap (Envelope 42, Negatives 293-308, 312, and 314) (6 of 22)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte, Alexander and Newfound Gap (Envelope 42, Negatives 293-308, 312, and 314) (7 of 22)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte, Alexander and Newfound Gap (Envelope 42, Negatives 293-308, 312, and 314) (8 of 22)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte, Alexander and Newfound Gap (Envelope 42, Negatives 293-308, 312, and 314) (9 of 22)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte, Alexander and Newfound Gap (Envelope 42, Negatives 293-308, 312, and 314) (10 of 22)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte, Alexander and Newfound Gap (Envelope 42, Negatives 293-308, 312, and 314) (11 of 22)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte, Alexander and Newfound Gap (Envelope 42, Negatives 293-308, 312, and 314) (12 of 22)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte, Alexander and Newfound Gap (Envelope 42, Negatives 293-308, 312, and 314) (13 of 22)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte, Alexander and Newfound Gap (Envelope 42, Negatives 293-308, 312, and 314) (14 of 22)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte, Alexander and Newfound Gap (Envelope 42, Negatives 293-308, 312, and 314) (15 of 22)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte, Alexander and Newfound Gap (Envelope 42, Negatives 293-308, 312, and 314) (16 of 22)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte, Alexander and Newfound Gap (Envelope 42, Negatives 293-308, 312, and 314) (17 of 22)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte, Alexander and Newfound Gap (Envelope 42, Negatives 293-308, 312, and 314) (18 of 22)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte, Alexander and Newfound Gap (Envelope 42, Negatives 293-308, 312, and 314) (19 of 22)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte, Alexander and Newfound Gap (Envelope 42, Negatives 293-308, 312, and 314) (20 of 22)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte, Alexander and Newfound Gap (Envelope 42, Negatives 293-308, 312, and 314) (21 of 22)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte, Alexander and Newfound Gap (Envelope 42, Negatives 293-308, 312, and 314) (22 of 22)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Rock House (Envelope 43, Negatives 309-311) (1 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Rock House (Envelope 43, Negatives 309-311) (2 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '493 - Road Prong and Indian Gap'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Silers Bald (Envelope 44, Negatives 315-326) (1 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Silers Bald (Envelope 44, Negatives 315-326) (2 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Silers Bald (Envelope 44, Negatives 315-326) (3 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Silers Bald (Envelope 44, Negatives 315-326) (4 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Silers Bald (Envelope 44, Negatives 315-326) (5 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Silers Bald (Envelope 44, Negatives 315-326) (6 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Silers Bald (Envelope 44, Negatives 315-326) (7 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Silers Bald (Envelope 44, Negatives 315-326) (8 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Silers Bald (Envelope 44, Negatives 315-326) (9 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mount Guyot (Envelope 45, Negatives 327-346 and 348) (1 of 20)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mount Guyot (Envelope 45, Negatives 327-346 and 348) (2 of 20)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mount Guyot (Envelope 45, Negatives 327-346 and 348) (3 of 20)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mount Guyot (Envelope 45, Negatives 327-346 and 348) (4 of 20)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mount Guyot (Envelope 45, Negatives 327-346 and 348) (5 of 20)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mount Guyot (Envelope 45, Negatives 327-346 and 348) (6 of 20)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mount Guyot (Envelope 45, Negatives 327-346 and 348) (7 of 20)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mount Guyot (Envelope 45, Negatives 327-346 and 348) (8 of 20)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mount Guyot (Envelope 45, Negatives 327-346 and 348) (9 of 20)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mount Guyot (Envelope 45, Negatives 327-346 and 348) (10 of 20)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mount Guyot (Envelope 45, Negatives 327-346 and 348) (11 of 20)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mount Guyot (Envelope 45, Negatives 327-346 and 348) (12 of 20)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mount Guyot (Envelope 45, Negatives 327-346 and 348) (13 of 20)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mount Guyot (Envelope 45, Negatives 327-346 and 348) (14 of 20)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mount Guyot (Envelope 45, Negatives 327-346 and 348) (15 of 20)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mount Guyot (Envelope 45, Negatives 327-346 and 348) (16 of 20)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mount Guyot (Envelope 45, Negatives 327-346 and 348) (17 of 20)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mount Guyot (Envelope 45, Negatives 327-346 and 348) (18 of 20)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mount Guyot (Envelope 45, Negatives 327-346 and 348) (19 of 20)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mount Guyot (Envelope 45, Negatives 327-346 and 348) (20 of 20)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Montvale Springs and Look Rock (Envelope 46, Negatives 347 and 349-353) (1 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Montvale Springs and Look Rock (Envelope 46, Negatives 347 and 349-353) (2 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Montvale Springs and Look Rock (Envelope 46, Negatives 347 and 349-353) (3 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Montvale Springs and Look Rock (Envelope 46, Negatives 347 and 349-353) (4 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Thunderhead by Fremont (Envelope 47, Negative 354)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'English Mountain (Envelope 48, Negatives 355-361) (1 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'English Mountain (Envelope 48, Negatives 355-361) (2 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'English Mountain (Envelope 48, Negatives 355-361) (3 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'English Mountain (Envelope 48, Negatives 355-361) (4 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'English Mountain (Envelope 48, Negatives 355-361) (5 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'English Mountain (Envelope 48, Negatives 355-361) (6 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'English Mountain (Envelope 48, Negatives 355-361) (7 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Dupont Springs (Envelope 49, Negative 362)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Laurel Falls (Envelope 50, Negatives 363-372) (1 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Laurel Falls (Envelope 50, Negatives 363-372) (2 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Laurel Falls (Envelope 50, Negatives 363-372) (3 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Laurel Falls (Envelope 50, Negatives 363-372) (4 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Laurel Falls (Envelope 50, Negatives 363-372) (5 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Laurel Falls (Envelope 50, Negatives 363-372) (6 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Laurel Falls (Envelope 50, Negatives 363-372) (7 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Laurel Falls (Envelope 50, Negatives 363-372) (8 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '494 - Cookout at Camp Mary Ijams'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Laurel Falls (Envelope 50, Negatives 363-372) (9 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Laurel Falls (Envelope 50, Negatives 363-372) (10 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte and Balsam Top (Envelope 51, Negatives 373-382 and 396-397) (1 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte and Balsam Top (Envelope 51, Negatives 373-382 and 396-397) (2 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte and Balsam Top (Envelope 51, Negatives 373-382 and 396-397) (3 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte and Balsam Top (Envelope 51, Negatives 373-382 and 396-397) (4 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte and Balsam Top (Envelope 51, Negatives 373-382 and 396-397) (5 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte and Balsam Top (Envelope 51, Negatives 373-382 and 396-397) (6 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte and Balsam Top (Envelope 51, Negatives 373-382 and 396-397) (7 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte and Balsam Top (Envelope 51, Negatives 373-382 and 396-397) (8 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte and Balsam Top (Envelope 51, Negatives 373-382 and 396-397) (9 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte and Balsam Top (Envelope 51, Negatives 373-382 and 396-397) (10 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte and Balsam Top (Envelope 51, Negatives 373-382 and 396-397) (11 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte and Balsam Top (Envelope 51, Negatives 373-382 and 396-397) (12 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Bird Reserve (Envelope 52, Negative 399)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte (Envelope 53) (1 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte (Envelope 53) (2 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte (Envelope 53) (3 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte (Envelope 53) (4 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte (Envelope 53) (5 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte (Envelope 53) (6 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte (Envelope 53) (7 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte (Envelope 53) (8 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte (Envelope 53) (9 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte (Envelope 53) (10 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte (Envelope 53) (11 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mount Nebo Hike (Envelope 54, Negatives 400, 401, and 403) (1 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mount Nebo Hike (Envelope 54, Negatives 400, 401, and 403) (2 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mount Nebo Hike (Envelope 54, Negatives 400, 401, and 403) (3 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norton Creek across to Gatlinburg (Envelope 55, Negatives 404-408) (1 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norton Creek across to Gatlinburg (Envelope 55, Negatives 404-408) (2 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norton Creek across to Gatlinburg (Envelope 55, Negatives 404-408) (3 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norton Creek across to Gatlinburg (Envelope 55, Negatives 404-408) (4 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': "Gregory Bald/inside of John Oliver's cabin (Envelope 56, Negatives 404-409 and 422) (1 of 5)"}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': "Gregory Bald/inside of John Oliver's cabin (Envelope 56, Negatives 404-409 and 422) (2 of 5)"}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': "Gregory Bald/inside of John Oliver's cabin (Envelope 56, Negatives 404-409 and 422) (3 of 5)"}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': "Gregory Bald/inside of John Oliver's cabin (Envelope 56, Negatives 404-409 and 422) (4 of 5)"}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': "Gregory Bald/inside of John Oliver's cabin (Envelope 56, Negatives 404-409 and 422) (5 of 5)"}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Brushy (Envelope 57, Negatives 415-421 and 423-427) (1 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Brushy (Envelope 57, Negatives 415-421 and 423-427) (2 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Brushy (Envelope 57, Negatives 415-421 and 423-427) (3 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Brushy (Envelope 57, Negatives 415-421 and 423-427) (4 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Brushy (Envelope 57, Negatives 415-421 and 423-427) (5 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Brushy (Envelope 57, Negatives 415-421 and 423-427) (6 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Brushy (Envelope 57, Negatives 415-421 and 423-427) (7 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Brushy (Envelope 57, Negatives 415-421 and 423-427) (8 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Brushy (Envelope 57, Negatives 415-421 and 423-427) (9 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Brushy (Envelope 57, Negatives 415-421 and 423-427) (10 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Brushy (Envelope 57, Negatives 415-421 and 423-427) (11 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Brushy (Envelope 57, Negatives 415-421 and 423-427) (12 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '496 - House Mt.'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Brushy (Envelope 57, Negatives 415-421 and 423-427) (13 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chimneys, Fort Harry Falls, Indian Gap Hotel (Envelope 58, Negatives 428-438, 440, 444, and 450) (1 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chimneys, Fort Harry Falls, Indian Gap Hotel (Envelope 58, Negatives 428-438, 440, 444, and 450) (2 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chimneys, Fort Harry Falls, Indian Gap Hotel (Envelope 58, Negatives 428-438, 440, 444, and 450) (3 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chimneys, Fort Harry Falls, Indian Gap Hotel (Envelope 58, Negatives 428-438, 440, 444, and 450) (4 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chimneys, Fort Harry Falls, Indian Gap Hotel (Envelope 58, Negatives 428-438, 440, 444, and 450) (5 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chimneys, Fort Harry Falls, Indian Gap Hotel (Envelope 58, Negatives 428-438, 440, 444, and 450) (6 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chimneys, Fort Harry Falls, Indian Gap Hotel (Envelope 58, Negatives 428-438, 440, 444, and 450) (7 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chimneys, Fort Harry Falls, Indian Gap Hotel (Envelope 58, Negatives 428-438, 440, 444, and 450) (8 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chimneys, Fort Harry Falls, Indian Gap Hotel (Envelope 58, Negatives 428-438, 440, 444, and 450) (9 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chimneys, Fort Harry Falls, Indian Gap Hotel (Envelope 58, Negatives 428-438, 440, 444, and 450) (10 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chimneys, Fort Harry Falls, Indian Gap Hotel (Envelope 58, Negatives 428-438, 440, 444, and 450) (11 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chimneys, Fort Harry Falls, Indian Gap Hotel (Envelope 58, Negatives 428-438, 440, 444, and 450) (12 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Round Top from Line Spring (Envelope 59, Negatives 439, 441-443, and 445-449) (1 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Round Top from Line Spring (Envelope 59, Negatives 439, 441-443, and 445-449) (2 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Round Top from Line Spring (Envelope 59, Negatives 439, 441-443, and 445-449) (3 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Round Top from Line Spring (Envelope 59, Negatives 439, 441-443, and 445-449) (4 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Round Top from Line Spring (Envelope 59, Negatives 439, 441-443, and 445-449) (5 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Round Top from Line Spring (Envelope 59, Negatives 439, 441-443, and 445-449) (6 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Round Top from Line Spring (Envelope 59, Negatives 439, 441-443, and 445-449) (7 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '500 - Concord'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Round Top from Line Spring (Envelope 59, Negatives 439, 441-443, and 445-449) (8 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte and Roaring Forks (Envelope 60, Negatives 451-461) (1 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte and Roaring Forks (Envelope 60, Negatives 451-461) (2 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte and Roaring Forks (Envelope 60, Negatives 451-461) (3 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte and Roaring Forks (Envelope 60, Negatives 451-461) (4 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte and Roaring Forks (Envelope 60, Negatives 451-461) (5 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte and Roaring Forks (Envelope 60, Negatives 451-461) (6 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte and Roaring Forks (Envelope 60, Negatives 451-461) (7 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte and Roaring Forks (Envelope 60, Negatives 451-461) (8 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte and Roaring Forks (Envelope 60, Negatives 451-461) (9 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte and Roaring Forks (Envelope 60, Negatives 451-461) (10 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte and Roaring Forks (Envelope 60, Negatives 451-461) (11 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Blanket Mountain (Envelope 61, Negatives 462-466) (1 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Blanket Mountain (Envelope 61, Negatives 462-466) (2 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Blanket Mountain (Envelope 61, Negatives 462-466) (3 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Blanket Mountain (Envelope 61, Negatives 462-466) (4 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Guyot from Cosby (Envelope 62, Negatives 468-473 and 477) (1 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Guyot from Cosby (Envelope 62, Negatives 468-473 and 477) (2 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Guyot from Cosby (Envelope 62, Negatives 468-473 and 477) (3 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Guyot from Cosby (Envelope 62, Negatives 468-473 and 477) (4 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Guyot from Cosby (Envelope 62, Negatives 468-473 and 477) (5 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Guyot from Cosby (Envelope 62, Negatives 468-473 and 477) (6 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Guyot from Cosby (Envelope 62, Negatives 468-473 and 477) (7 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cherokee Bluff (Envelope 63, Negative 467)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Pinnacle at Greenbrier (Envelope 64, Negatives 474-476 and 478-482) (1 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Pinnacle at Greenbrier (Envelope 64, Negatives 474-476 and 478-482) (2 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Pinnacle at Greenbrier (Envelope 64, Negatives 474-476 and 478-482) (3 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Pinnacle at Greenbrier (Envelope 64, Negatives 474-476 and 478-482) (4 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Pinnacle at Greenbrier (Envelope 64, Negatives 474-476 and 478-482) (5 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Pinnacle at Greenbrier (Envelope 64, Negatives 474-476 and 478-482) (6 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Pinnacle at Greenbrier (Envelope 64, Negatives 474-476 and 478-482) (7 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Rich Mountain (Envelope 65, Negatives 483-487) (1 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Rich Mountain (Envelope 65, Negatives 483-487) (2 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Rich Mountain (Envelope 65, Negatives 483-487) (3 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Rich Mountain (Envelope 65, Negatives 483-487) (4 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Rich Mountain (Envelope 65, Negatives 483-487) (5 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cumberland Falls Kentucky (Envelope 66, Negatives 488-493 and 495-499) (1 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cumberland Falls Kentucky (Envelope 66, Negatives 488-493 and 495-499) (2 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cumberland Falls Kentucky (Envelope 66, Negatives 488-493 and 495-499) (3 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cumberland Falls Kentucky (Envelope 66, Negatives 488-493 and 495-499) (4 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cumberland Falls Kentucky (Envelope 66, Negatives 488-493 and 495-499) (5 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cumberland Falls Kentucky (Envelope 66, Negatives 488-493 and 495-499) (6 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Clingmans Dome (Envelope 67, Negatives 494-517) (1 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Clingmans Dome (Envelope 67, Negatives 494-517) (2 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Clingmans Dome (Envelope 67, Negatives 494-517) (3 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Clingmans Dome (Envelope 67, Negatives 494-517) (4 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Clingmans Dome (Envelope 67, Negatives 494-517) (5 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Clingmans Dome (Envelope 67, Negatives 494-517) (6 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Clingmans Dome (Envelope 67, Negatives 494-517) (7 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Clingmans Dome (Envelope 67, Negatives 494-517) (8 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '46-Reg. Hike. Montvale Springs & Look Rock'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Clingmans Dome (Envelope 67, Negatives 494-517) (9 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Clingmans Dome (Envelope 67, Negatives 494-517) (10 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Clingmans Dome (Envelope 67, Negatives 494-517) (11 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Clingmans Dome (Envelope 67, Negatives 494-517) (12 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Clingmans Dome (Envelope 67, Negatives 494-517) (13 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Clingmans Dome (Envelope 67, Negatives 494-517) (14 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Deal Gap to Parson Bald instead of Ozone (Envelope 68, Negatives 512-516) (1 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Deal Gap to Parson Bald instead of Ozone (Envelope 68, Negatives 512-516) (2 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Deal Gap to Parson Bald instead of Ozone (Envelope 68, Negatives 512-516) (3 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Deal Gap to Parson Bald instead of Ozone (Envelope 68, Negatives 512-516) (4 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Deal Gap to Parson Bald instead of Ozone (Envelope 68, Negatives 512-516) (5 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Silers Bald to Clingman Dome (Envelope 69, Negatives 518-522) (1 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Silers Bald to Clingman Dome (Envelope 69, Negatives 518-522) (2 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Silers Bald to Clingman Dome (Envelope 69, Negatives 518-522) (3 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Silers Bald to Clingman Dome (Envelope 69, Negatives 518-522) (4 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Silers Bald to Clingman Dome (Envelope 69, Negatives 518-522) (5 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Abrams Falls (Envelope 70, Negatives 523-533) (1 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Abrams Falls (Envelope 70, Negatives 523-533) (2 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Abrams Falls (Envelope 70, Negatives 523-533) (3 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Abrams Falls (Envelope 70, Negatives 523-533) (4 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Abrams Falls (Envelope 70, Negatives 523-533) (5 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Abrams Falls (Envelope 70, Negatives 523-533) (6 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Abrams Falls (Envelope 70, Negatives 523-533) (7 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Abrams Falls (Envelope 70, Negatives 523-533) (8 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Abrams Falls (Envelope 70, Negatives 523-533) (9 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Abrams Falls (Envelope 70, Negatives 523-533) (10 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Buckeye Gap to Thunderhead (Envelope 71, Negatives 534-536, 539, 540, 543, and 560) (1 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Buckeye Gap to Thunderhead (Envelope 71, Negatives 534-536, 539, 540, 543, and 560) (2 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Buckeye Gap to Thunderhead (Envelope 71, Negatives 534-536, 539, 540, 543, and 560) (3 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Buckeye Gap to Thunderhead (Envelope 71, Negatives 534-536, 539, 540, 543, and 560) (4 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Buckeye Gap to Thunderhead (Envelope 71, Negatives 534-536, 539, 540, 543, and 560) (5 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Buckeye Gap to Thunderhead (Envelope 71, Negatives 534-536, 539, 540, 543, and 560) (6 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Buckeye Gap to Thunderhead (Envelope 71, Negatives 534-536, 539, 540, 543, and 560) (7 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte Alexander and Newfound Gap (Envelope 72, Negatives 537, 538, 541, 542, 544, 545, 547, 548, 550, and 551) (1 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte Alexander and Newfound Gap (Envelope 72, Negatives 537, 538, 541, 542, 544, 545, 547, 548, 550, and 551) (2 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte Alexander and Newfound Gap (Envelope 72, Negatives 537, 538, 541, 542, 544, 545, 547, 548, 550, and 551) (3 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte Alexander and Newfound Gap (Envelope 72, Negatives 537, 538, 541, 542, 544, 545, 547, 548, 550, and 551) (4 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte Alexander and Newfound Gap (Envelope 72, Negatives 537, 538, 541, 542, 544, 545, 547, 548, 550, and 551) (5 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte Alexander and Newfound Gap (Envelope 72, Negatives 537, 538, 541, 542, 544, 545, 547, 548, 550, and 551) (6 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte Alexander and Newfound Gap (Envelope 72, Negatives 537, 538, 541, 542, 544, 545, 547, 548, 550, and 551) (7 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '501 - Jump Off and Charlies Bunion'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte Alexander and Newfound Gap (Envelope 72, Negatives 537, 538, 541, 542, 544, 545, 547, 548, 550, and 551) (8 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte Alexander and Newfound Gap (Envelope 72, Negatives 537, 538, 541, 542, 544, 545, 547, 548, 550, and 551) (9 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte Alexander and Newfound Gap (Envelope 72, Negatives 537, 538, 541, 542, 544, 545, 547, 548, 550, and 551) (10 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cove Mountain from Line Springs (Envelope 73, Negatives 549, 552, 553, 556, and 559) (1 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cove Mountain from Line Springs (Envelope 73, Negatives 549, 552, 553, 556, and 559) (2 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cove Mountain from Line Springs (Envelope 73, Negatives 549, 552, 553, 556, and 559) (3 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cove Mountain from Line Springs (Envelope 73, Negatives 549, 552, 553, 556, and 559) (4 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cove Mountain from Line Springs (Envelope 73, Negatives 549, 552, 553, 556, and 559) (5 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cove Mountain from Line Springs (Envelope 73, Negatives 549, 552, 553, 556, and 559) (6 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cove Mountain from Line Springs (Envelope 73, Negatives 549, 552, 553, 556, and 559) (7 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Look Rock (Envelope 74, Negatives 554, 555, 562, 569, and 571) (1 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Look Rock (Envelope 74, Negatives 554, 555, 562, 569, and 571) (2 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Look Rock (Envelope 74, Negatives 554, 555, 562, 569, and 571) (3 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Look Rock (Envelope 74, Negatives 554, 555, 562, 569, and 571) (4 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Look Rock (Envelope 74, Negatives 554, 555, 562, 569, and 571) (5 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Porters Flats and Dry Sluice Gap (Envelope 75, Negatives 560,561, 563-568, and 579-581) (1 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Porters Flats and Dry Sluice Gap (Envelope 75, Negatives 560,561, 563-568, and 579-581) (2 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Porters Flats and Dry Sluice Gap (Envelope 75, Negatives 560,561, 563-568, and 579-581) (3 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Porters Flats and Dry Sluice Gap (Envelope 75, Negatives 560,561, 563-568, and 579-581) (4 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Porters Flats and Dry Sluice Gap (Envelope 75, Negatives 560,561, 563-568, and 579-581) (5 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Porters Flats and Dry Sluice Gap (Envelope 75, Negatives 560,561, 563-568, and 579-581) (6 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Porters Flats and Dry Sluice Gap (Envelope 75, Negatives 560,561, 563-568, and 579-581) (7 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Porters Flats and Dry Sluice Gap (Envelope 75, Negatives 560,561, 563-568, and 579-581) (8 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Porters Flats and Dry Sluice Gap (Envelope 75, Negatives 560,561, 563-568, and 579-581) (9 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Porters Flats and Dry Sluice Gap (Envelope 75, Negatives 560,561, 563-568, and 579-581) (10 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Thunderhead by Russell Field (Envelope 76, Negatives 578 and 582) (1 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Thunderhead by Russell Field (Envelope 76, Negatives 578 and 582) (2 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': "Porter's Flats and Dry Sluice Gap (Envelope 77, Negatives 583-594) (1 of 12)"}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': "Porter's Flats and Dry Sluice Gap (Envelope 77, Negatives 583-594) (2 of 12)"}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': "Porter's Flats and Dry Sluice Gap (Envelope 77, Negatives 583-594) (3 of 12)"}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': "Porter's Flats and Dry Sluice Gap (Envelope 77, Negatives 583-594) (4 of 12)"}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': "Porter's Flats and Dry Sluice Gap (Envelope 77, Negatives 583-594) (5 of 12)"}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': "Porter's Flats and Dry Sluice Gap (Envelope 77, Negatives 583-594) (6 of 12)"}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': "Porter's Flats and Dry Sluice Gap (Envelope 77, Negatives 583-594) (7 of 12)"}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': "Porter's Flats and Dry Sluice Gap (Envelope 77, Negatives 583-594) (8 of 12)"}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': "Porter's Flats and Dry Sluice Gap (Envelope 77, Negatives 583-594) (9 of 12)"}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': "Porter's Flats and Dry Sluice Gap (Envelope 77, Negatives 583-594) (10 of 12)"}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': "Porter's Flats and Dry Sluice Gap (Envelope 77, Negatives 583-594) (11 of 12)"}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': "Porter's Flats and Dry Sluice Gap (Envelope 77, Negatives 583-594) (12 of 12)"}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'E Kaneetlee Gap along state line to Gregory Bald (Envelope 78, Negatives 595-605, 610, 613, and 615) (1 of 15)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '502 - Cookout at Will Johnson Home'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'E Kaneetlee Gap along state line to Gregory Bald (Envelope 78, Negatives 595-605, 610, 613, and 615) (2 of 15)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'E Kaneetlee Gap along state line to Gregory Bald (Envelope 78, Negatives 595-605, 610, 613, and 615) (3 of 15)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'E Kaneetlee Gap along state line to Gregory Bald (Envelope 78, Negatives 595-605, 610, 613, and 615) (4 of 15)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'E Kaneetlee Gap along state line to Gregory Bald (Envelope 78, Negatives 595-605, 610, 613, and 615) (5 of 15)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'E Kaneetlee Gap along state line to Gregory Bald (Envelope 78, Negatives 595-605, 610, 613, and 615) (6 of 15)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'E Kaneetlee Gap along state line to Gregory Bald (Envelope 78, Negatives 595-605, 610, 613, and 615) (7 of 15)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'E Kaneetlee Gap along state line to Gregory Bald (Envelope 78, Negatives 595-605, 610, 613, and 615) (8 of 15)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'E Kaneetlee Gap along state line to Gregory Bald (Envelope 78, Negatives 595-605, 610, 613, and 615) (9 of 15)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'E Kaneetlee Gap along state line to Gregory Bald (Envelope 78, Negatives 595-605, 610, 613, and 615) (10 of 15)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'E Kaneetlee Gap along state line to Gregory Bald (Envelope 78, Negatives 595-605, 610, 613, and 615) (11 of 15)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'E Kaneetlee Gap along state line to Gregory Bald (Envelope 78, Negatives 595-605, 610, 613, and 615) (12 of 15)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'E Kaneetlee Gap along state line to Gregory Bald (Envelope 78, Negatives 595-605, 610, 613, and 615) (13 of 15)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'E Kaneetlee Gap along state line to Gregory Bald (Envelope 78, Negatives 595-605, 610, 613, and 615) (14 of 15)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'E Kaneetlee Gap along state line to Gregory Bald (Envelope 78, Negatives 595-605, 610, 613, and 615) (15 of 15)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Waterville North Carolina (Envelope 79, Negatives 607-618) (1 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Waterville North Carolina (Envelope 79, Negatives 607-618) (2 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Waterville North Carolina (Envelope 79, Negatives 607-618) (3 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Waterville North Carolina (Envelope 79, Negatives 607-618) (4 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Waterville North Carolina (Envelope 79, Negatives 607-618) (5 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Waterville North Carolina (Envelope 79, Negatives 607-618) (6 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '99-Special Hike, First Half. Reg. Hike, Last Half. White Rock along state line toward Guyot'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Bird Reserve (Envelope 80, Negatives 619-620) (1 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Bird Reserve (Envelope 80, Negatives 619-620) (2 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Jump Off (Envelope 81, Negatives 621, 626, 631, 634, and 646) (1 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Jump Off (Envelope 81, Negatives 621, 626, 631, 634, and 646) (2 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Jump Off (Envelope 81, Negatives 621, 626, 631, 634, and 646) (3 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Jump Off (Envelope 81, Negatives 621, 626, 631, 634, and 646) (4 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Jump Off (Envelope 81, Negatives 621, 626, 631, 634, and 646) (5 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Jump Off (Envelope 81, Negatives 621, 626, 631, 634, and 646) (6 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Jump Off (Envelope 81, Negatives 621, 626, 631, 634, and 646) (7 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte and Roaring Forks (Envelope 82, Negatives 627-630, 632, 633, 636-640, 642-645, 647, 650, and 652) (1 of 17)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte and Roaring Forks (Envelope 82, Negatives 627-630, 632, 633, 636-640, 642-645, 647, 650, and 652) (2 of 17)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte and Roaring Forks (Envelope 82, Negatives 627-630, 632, 633, 636-640, 642-645, 647, 650, and 652) (3 of 17)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte and Roaring Forks (Envelope 82, Negatives 627-630, 632, 633, 636-640, 642-645, 647, 650, and 652) (4 of 17)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte and Roaring Forks (Envelope 82, Negatives 627-630, 632, 633, 636-640, 642-645, 647, 650, and 652) (5 of 17)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte and Roaring Forks (Envelope 82, Negatives 627-630, 632, 633, 636-640, 642-645, 647, 650, and 652) (6 of 17)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte and Roaring Forks (Envelope 82, Negatives 627-630, 632, 633, 636-640, 642-645, 647, 650, and 652) (7 of 17)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte and Roaring Forks (Envelope 82, Negatives 627-630, 632, 633, 636-640, 642-645, 647, 650, and 652) (8 of 17)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte and Roaring Forks (Envelope 82, Negatives 627-630, 632, 633, 636-640, 642-645, 647, 650, and 652) (9 of 17)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte and Roaring Forks (Envelope 82, Negatives 627-630, 632, 633, 636-640, 642-645, 647, 650, and 652) (10 of 17)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte and Roaring Forks (Envelope 82, Negatives 627-630, 632, 633, 636-640, 642-645, 647, 650, and 652) (11 of 17)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte and Roaring Forks (Envelope 82, Negatives 627-630, 632, 633, 636-640, 642-645, 647, 650, and 652) (12 of 17)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte and Roaring Forks (Envelope 82, Negatives 627-630, 632, 633, 636-640, 642-645, 647, 650, and 652) (13 of 17)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte and Roaring Forks (Envelope 82, Negatives 627-630, 632, 633, 636-640, 642-645, 647, 650, and 652) (14 of 17)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte and Roaring Forks (Envelope 82, Negatives 627-630, 632, 633, 636-640, 642-645, 647, 650, and 652) (15 of 17)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte and Roaring Forks (Envelope 82, Negatives 627-630, 632, 633, 636-640, 642-645, 647, 650, and 652) (16 of 17)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte and Roaring Forks (Envelope 82, Negatives 627-630, 632, 633, 636-640, 642-645, 647, 650, and 652) (17 of 17)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Dupont Springs (Envelope 83, Negatives 648, 649, and 651) (1 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Dupont Springs (Envelope 83, Negatives 648, 649, and 651) (2 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Dupont Springs (Envelope 83, Negatives 648, 649, and 651) (3 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Blanket Mountain (Envelope 84, Negatives 653-658) (1 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Blanket Mountain (Envelope 84, Negatives 653-658) (2 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Blanket Mountain (Envelope 84, Negatives 653-658) (3 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Blanket Mountain (Envelope 84, Negatives 653-658) (4 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Blanket Mountain (Envelope 84, Negatives 653-658) (5 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Blanket Mountain (Envelope 84, Negatives 653-658) (6 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte -- Alum Cave and Huggins Hell (Envelope 85, Negatives 659-663) (1 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte -- Alum Cave and Huggins Hell (Envelope 85, Negatives 659-663) (2 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte -- Alum Cave and Huggins Hell (Envelope 85, Negatives 659-663) (3 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Deal Gap to Gregory Bald (Envelope 86, Negatives 664-675) (1 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Deal Gap to Gregory Bald (Envelope 86, Negatives 664-675) (2 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '503 - Special Work Trip to Cabin'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Deal Gap to Gregory Bald (Envelope 86, Negatives 664-675) (3 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Deal Gap to Gregory Bald (Envelope 86, Negatives 664-675) (4 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Deal Gap to Gregory Bald (Envelope 86, Negatives 664-675) (5 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Deal Gap to Gregory Bald (Envelope 86, Negatives 664-675) (6 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Deal Gap to Gregory Bald (Envelope 86, Negatives 664-675) (7 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Deal Gap to Gregory Bald (Envelope 86, Negatives 664-675) (8 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Deal Gap to Gregory Bald (Envelope 86, Negatives 664-675) (9 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Deal Gap to Gregory Bald (Envelope 86, Negatives 664-675) (10 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Deal Gap to Gregory Bald (Envelope 86, Negatives 664-675) (11 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Deal Gap to Gregory Bald (Envelope 86, Negatives 664-675) (12 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound Gap to Indian Gap down Mount Mingus and 2 negatives of Gatlinburg in early day (Envelope 87, Negatives 676-685) (1 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound Gap to Indian Gap down Mount Mingus and 2 negatives of Gatlinburg in early day (Envelope 87, Negatives 676-685) (2 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound Gap to Indian Gap down Mount Mingus and 2 negatives of Gatlinburg in early day (Envelope 87, Negatives 676-685) (3 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound Gap to Indian Gap down Mount Mingus and 2 negatives of Gatlinburg in early day (Envelope 87, Negatives 676-685) (4 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound Gap to Indian Gap down Mount Mingus and 2 negatives of Gatlinburg in early day (Envelope 87, Negatives 676-685) (5 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound Gap to Indian Gap down Mount Mingus and 2 negatives of Gatlinburg in early day (Envelope 87, Negatives 676-685) (6 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound Gap to Indian Gap down Mount Mingus and 2 negatives of Gatlinburg in early day (Envelope 87, Negatives 676-685) (7 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound Gap to Indian Gap down Mount Mingus and 2 negatives of Gatlinburg in early day (Envelope 87, Negatives 676-685) (8 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound Gap to Indian Gap down Mount Mingus and 2 negatives of Gatlinburg in early day (Envelope 87, Negatives 676-685) (9 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound Gap to Indian Gap down Mount Mingus and 2 negatives of Gatlinburg in early day (Envelope 87, Negatives 676-685) (10 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '505 - Special. Labor Day - Cabin in Brier'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Church Mountain (Envelope 88, Negatives 686, 687, and 698) (1 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Church Mountain (Envelope 88, Negatives 686, 687, and 698) (2 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Church Mountain (Envelope 88, Negatives 686, 687, and 698) (3 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Thunderhead from Tremont across to Spence Field and down Bolt Mountain (Envelope 89, Negatives 688-697 and 699-706) (1 of 18)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Thunderhead from Tremont across to Spence Field and down Bolt Mountain (Envelope 89, Negatives 688-697 and 699-706) (2 of 18)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Thunderhead from Tremont across to Spence Field and down Bolt Mountain (Envelope 89, Negatives 688-697 and 699-706) (3 of 18)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Thunderhead from Tremont across to Spence Field and down Bolt Mountain (Envelope 89, Negatives 688-697 and 699-706) (4 of 18)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Thunderhead from Tremont across to Spence Field and down Bolt Mountain (Envelope 89, Negatives 688-697 and 699-706) (5 of 18)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Thunderhead from Tremont across to Spence Field and down Bolt Mountain (Envelope 89, Negatives 688-697 and 699-706) (6 of 18)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Thunderhead from Tremont across to Spence Field and down Bolt Mountain (Envelope 89, Negatives 688-697 and 699-706) (7 of 18)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Thunderhead from Tremont across to Spence Field and down Bolt Mountain (Envelope 89, Negatives 688-697 and 699-706) (8 of 18)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Thunderhead from Tremont across to Spence Field and down Bolt Mountain (Envelope 89, Negatives 688-697 and 699-706) (9 of 18)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Thunderhead from Tremont across to Spence Field and down Bolt Mountain (Envelope 89, Negatives 688-697 and 699-706) (10 of 18)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Thunderhead from Tremont across to Spence Field and down Bolt Mountain (Envelope 89, Negatives 688-697 and 699-706) (11 of 18)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Thunderhead from Tremont across to Spence Field and down Bolt Mountain (Envelope 89, Negatives 688-697 and 699-706) (12 of 18)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Thunderhead from Tremont across to Spence Field and down Bolt Mountain (Envelope 89, Negatives 688-697 and 699-706) (13 of 18)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Thunderhead from Tremont across to Spence Field and down Bolt Mountain (Envelope 89, Negatives 688-697 and 699-706) (14 of 18)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Thunderhead from Tremont across to Spence Field and down Bolt Mountain (Envelope 89, Negatives 688-697 and 699-706) (15 of 18)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Thunderhead from Tremont across to Spence Field and down Bolt Mountain (Envelope 89, Negatives 688-697 and 699-706) (16 of 18)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Thunderhead from Tremont across to Spence Field and down Bolt Mountain (Envelope 89, Negatives 688-697 and 699-706) (17 of 18)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Thunderhead from Tremont across to Spence Field and down Bolt Mountain (Envelope 89, Negatives 688-697 and 699-706) (18 of 18)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Thunderhead (Envelope 90, Negatives 707-721) (1 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Thunderhead (Envelope 90, Negatives 707-721) (2 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Thunderhead (Envelope 90, Negatives 707-721) (3 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Thunderhead (Envelope 90, Negatives 707-721) (4 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Thunderhead (Envelope 90, Negatives 707-721) (5 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Thunderhead (Envelope 90, Negatives 707-721) (6 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Thunderhead (Envelope 90, Negatives 707-721) (7 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Thunderhead (Envelope 90, Negatives 707-721) (8 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Thunderhead (Envelope 90, Negatives 707-721) (9 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Thunderhead (Envelope 90, Negatives 707-721) (10 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Thunderhead (Envelope 90, Negatives 707-721) (11 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Thunderhead (Envelope 90, Negatives 707-721) (12 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Deal Gap to Tapoco Dam (Envelope 91, Negatives 722-734) (1 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Deal Gap to Tapoco Dam (Envelope 91, Negatives 722-734) (2 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Deal Gap to Tapoco Dam (Envelope 91, Negatives 722-734) (3 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Deal Gap to Tapoco Dam (Envelope 91, Negatives 722-734) (4 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Deal Gap to Tapoco Dam (Envelope 91, Negatives 722-734) (5 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Deal Gap to Tapoco Dam (Envelope 91, Negatives 722-734) (6 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Deal Gap to Tapoco Dam (Envelope 91, Negatives 722-734) (7 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Good One of Capitol Bldg. Washington, D.C.'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Deal Gap to Tapoco Dam (Envelope 91, Negatives 722-734) (8 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Deal Gap to Tapoco Dam (Envelope 91, Negatives 722-734) (9 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Deal Gap to Tapoco Dam (Envelope 91, Negatives 722-734) (10 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Deal Gap to Tapoco Dam (Envelope 91, Negatives 722-734) (11 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Alum Cave LeConte and Huggins Hell (Envelope 92, Negatives 735-746) (1 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Alum Cave LeConte and Huggins Hell (Envelope 92, Negatives 735-746) (2 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Alum Cave LeConte and Huggins Hell (Envelope 92, Negatives 735-746) (3 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Alum Cave LeConte and Huggins Hell (Envelope 92, Negatives 735-746) (4 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Alum Cave LeConte and Huggins Hell (Envelope 92, Negatives 735-746) (5 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Alum Cave LeConte and Huggins Hell (Envelope 92, Negatives 735-746) (6 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Alum Cave LeConte and Huggins Hell (Envelope 92, Negatives 735-746) (7 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Alum Cave LeConte and Huggins Hell (Envelope 92, Negatives 735-746) (8 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Alum Cave LeConte and Huggins Hell (Envelope 92, Negatives 735-746) (9 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Alum Cave LeConte and Huggins Hell (Envelope 92, Negatives 735-746) (10 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Alum Cave LeConte and Huggins Hell (Envelope 92, Negatives 735-746) (11 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Alum Cave LeConte and Huggins Hell (Envelope 92, Negatives 735-746) (12 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hartford North Carolina to White Rock (Envelope 93, Negatives 747-751, 753, 754, and 761-763) (1 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hartford North Carolina to White Rock (Envelope 93, Negatives 747-751, 753, 754, and 761-763) (2 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hartford North Carolina to White Rock (Envelope 93, Negatives 747-751, 753, 754, and 761-763) (3 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hartford North Carolina to White Rock (Envelope 93, Negatives 747-751, 753, 754, and 761-763) (4 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hartford North Carolina to White Rock (Envelope 93, Negatives 747-751, 753, 754, and 761-763) (5 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hartford North Carolina to White Rock (Envelope 93, Negatives 747-751, 753, 754, and 761-763) (6 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hartford North Carolina to White Rock (Envelope 93, Negatives 747-751, 753, 754, and 761-763) (7 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hartford North Carolina to White Rock (Envelope 93, Negatives 747-751, 753, 754, and 761-763) (8 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'East Kanetelee Gap to Russell Field (Envelope 94, Negatives 752-755, 769, 771, 774, and 775) (1 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'East Kanetelee Gap to Russell Field (Envelope 94, Negatives 752-755, 769, 771, 774, and 775) (2 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'East Kanetelee Gap to Russell Field (Envelope 94, Negatives 752-755, 769, 771, 774, and 775) (3 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'East Kanetelee Gap to Russell Field (Envelope 94, Negatives 752-755, 769, 771, 774, and 775) (4 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'East Kanetelee Gap to Russell Field (Envelope 94, Negatives 752-755, 769, 771, 774, and 775) (5 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'East Kanetelee Gap to Russell Field (Envelope 94, Negatives 752-755, 769, 771, 774, and 775) (6 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '506 - Muscadine Hike to Rockford on Bay Mt.'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'East Kanetelee Gap to Russell Field (Envelope 94, Negatives 752-755, 769, 771, 774, and 775) (7 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'East Kanetelee Gap to Russell Field (Envelope 94, Negatives 752-755, 769, 771, 774, and 775) (8 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mount Mitchell North Carolina (Envelope 95, Negatives 764-768, 770, 772, 773, and 782) (1 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mount Mitchell North Carolina (Envelope 95, Negatives 764-768, 770, 772, 773, and 782) (2 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mount Mitchell North Carolina (Envelope 95, Negatives 764-768, 770, 772, 773, and 782) (3 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mount Mitchell North Carolina (Envelope 95, Negatives 764-768, 770, 772, 773, and 782) (4 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mount Mitchell North Carolina (Envelope 95, Negatives 764-768, 770, 772, 773, and 782) (5 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Appalachian Trail Conference at Gatlinburg (Envelope 96, Negatives 783-784)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Tremont across state line to Silers and Clingmans Dome back to Buckeye Gap and Elkmont (Envelope 97, Negatives 776-781) (1 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Tremont across state line to Silers and Clingmans Dome back to Buckeye Gap and Elkmont (Envelope 97, Negatives 776-781) (2 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Tremont across state line to Silers and Clingmans Dome back to Buckeye Gap and Elkmont (Envelope 97, Negatives 776-781) (3 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Tremont across state line to Silers and Clingmans Dome back to Buckeye Gap and Elkmont (Envelope 97, Negatives 776-781) (4 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Greenbrier to Hugh Ridge (Envelope 98, Negatives 785-796) (1 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Greenbrier to Hugh Ridge (Envelope 98, Negatives 785-796) (2 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Greenbrier to Hugh Ridge (Envelope 98, Negatives 785-796) (3 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Greenbrier to Hugh Ridge (Envelope 98, Negatives 785-796) (4 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Greenbrier to Hugh Ridge (Envelope 98, Negatives 785-796) (5 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'White Rock Guyot (Envelope 99, Negatives 797-814) (1 of 15)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'White Rock Guyot (Envelope 99, Negatives 797-814) (2 of 15)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'White Rock Guyot (Envelope 99, Negatives 797-814) (3 of 15)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'White Rock Guyot (Envelope 99, Negatives 797-814) (4 of 15)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'White Rock Guyot (Envelope 99, Negatives 797-814) (5 of 15)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'White Rock Guyot (Envelope 99, Negatives 797-814) (6 of 15)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'White Rock Guyot (Envelope 99, Negatives 797-814) (7 of 15)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'White Rock Guyot (Envelope 99, Negatives 797-814) (8 of 15)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'White Rock Guyot (Envelope 99, Negatives 797-814) (9 of 15)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'White Rock Guyot (Envelope 99, Negatives 797-814) (10 of 15)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'White Rock Guyot (Envelope 99, Negatives 797-814) (11 of 15)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'White Rock Guyot (Envelope 99, Negatives 797-814) (12 of 15)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'White Rock Guyot (Envelope 99, Negatives 797-814) (13 of 15)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'White Rock Guyot (Envelope 99, Negatives 797-814) (14 of 15)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'White Rock Guyot (Envelope 99, Negatives 797-814) (15 of 15)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chimneys (Envelope 100, Negatives 815-824 and 833) (1 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chimneys (Envelope 100, Negatives 815-824 and 833) (2 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chimneys (Envelope 100, Negatives 815-824 and 833) (3 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chimneys (Envelope 100, Negatives 815-824 and 833) (4 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chimneys (Envelope 100, Negatives 815-824 and 833) (5 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chimneys (Envelope 100, Negatives 815-824 and 833) (6 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chimneys (Envelope 100, Negatives 815-824 and 833) (7 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chimneys (Envelope 100, Negatives 815-824 and 833) (8 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chimneys (Envelope 100, Negatives 815-824 and 833) (9 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chimneys (Envelope 100, Negatives 815-824 and 833) (10 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cades Cove to Gregory and Thunderhead (Envelope 101, Negatives 825-832 and 834-842) (1 of 17)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cades Cove to Gregory and Thunderhead (Envelope 101, Negatives 825-832 and 834-842) (2 of 17)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cades Cove to Gregory and Thunderhead (Envelope 101, Negatives 825-832 and 834-842) (3 of 17)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cades Cove to Gregory and Thunderhead (Envelope 101, Negatives 825-832 and 834-842) (4 of 17)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cades Cove to Gregory and Thunderhead (Envelope 101, Negatives 825-832 and 834-842) (5 of 17)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cades Cove to Gregory and Thunderhead (Envelope 101, Negatives 825-832 and 834-842) (6 of 17)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cades Cove to Gregory and Thunderhead (Envelope 101, Negatives 825-832 and 834-842) (7 of 17)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cades Cove to Gregory and Thunderhead (Envelope 101, Negatives 825-832 and 834-842) (8 of 17)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '507 - Cookout at Turkey Spring at UT Farm'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cades Cove to Gregory and Thunderhead (Envelope 101, Negatives 825-832 and 834-842) (9 of 17)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cades Cove to Gregory and Thunderhead (Envelope 101, Negatives 825-832 and 834-842) (10 of 17)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cades Cove to Gregory and Thunderhead (Envelope 101, Negatives 825-832 and 834-842) (11 of 17)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cades Cove to Gregory and Thunderhead (Envelope 101, Negatives 825-832 and 834-842) (12 of 17)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cades Cove to Gregory and Thunderhead (Envelope 101, Negatives 825-832 and 834-842) (13 of 17)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cades Cove to Gregory and Thunderhead (Envelope 101, Negatives 825-832 and 834-842) (14 of 17)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cades Cove to Gregory and Thunderhead (Envelope 101, Negatives 825-832 and 834-842) (15 of 17)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cades Cove to Gregory and Thunderhead (Envelope 101, Negatives 825-832 and 834-842) (16 of 17)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cades Cove to Gregory and Thunderhead (Envelope 101, Negatives 825-832 and 834-842) (17 of 17)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hangover -- Stratton Bald from Tapoco (Envelope 102, Negatives 843-848 and 850-853) (1 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hangover -- Stratton Bald from Tapoco (Envelope 102, Negatives 843-848 and 850-853) (2 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hangover -- Stratton Bald from Tapoco (Envelope 102, Negatives 843-848 and 850-853) (3 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hangover -- Stratton Bald from Tapoco (Envelope 102, Negatives 843-848 and 850-853) (4 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hangover -- Stratton Bald from Tapoco (Envelope 102, Negatives 843-848 and 850-853) (5 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hangover -- Stratton Bald from Tapoco (Envelope 102, Negatives 843-848 and 850-853) (6 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hangover -- Stratton Bald from Tapoco (Envelope 102, Negatives 843-848 and 850-853) (7 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hangover -- Stratton Bald from Tapoco (Envelope 102, Negatives 843-848 and 850-853) (8 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Annual Election at Montvale Springs (Envelope 103, Negative 849)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Camp Creek Bald Hike (Envelope 104, Negatives 854-859 and 865) (1 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Camp Creek Bald Hike (Envelope 104, Negatives 854-859 and 865) (2 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '112-Reg. Hike. Abrams Falls'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Camp Creek Bald Hike (Envelope 104, Negatives 854-859 and 865) (3 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Camp Creek Bald Hike (Envelope 104, Negatives 854-859 and 865) (4 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Camp Creek Bald Hike (Envelope 104, Negatives 854-859 and 865) (5 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Camp Creek Bald Hike (Envelope 104, Negatives 854-859 and 865) (6 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Camp Creek Bald Hike (Envelope 104, Negatives 854-859 and 865) (7 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Scouting trip to Mount Chapman (Envelope 105, Negatives 860-864 and 866-874) (1 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Scouting trip to Mount Chapman (Envelope 105, Negatives 860-864 and 866-874) (2 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Scouting trip to Mount Chapman (Envelope 105, Negatives 860-864 and 866-874) (3 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Scouting trip to Mount Chapman (Envelope 105, Negatives 860-864 and 866-874) (4 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Scouting trip to Mount Chapman (Envelope 105, Negatives 860-864 and 866-874) (5 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Scouting trip to Mount Chapman (Envelope 105, Negatives 860-864 and 866-874) (6 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Scouting trip to Mount Chapman (Envelope 105, Negatives 860-864 and 866-874) (7 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Scouting trip to Mount Chapman (Envelope 105, Negatives 860-864 and 866-874) (8 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Scouting trip to Mount Chapman (Envelope 105, Negatives 860-864 and 866-874) (9 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Scouting trip to Mount Chapman (Envelope 105, Negatives 860-864 and 866-874) (10 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Scouting trip to Mount Chapman (Envelope 105, Negatives 860-864 and 866-874) (11 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Scouting trip to Mount Chapman (Envelope 105, Negatives 860-864 and 866-874) (12 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Timber Ridge (Envelope 106, Negatives 875-886) (1 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Timber Ridge (Envelope 106, Negatives 875-886) (2 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Timber Ridge (Envelope 106, Negatives 875-886) (3 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '508 - Special. Deal Gap to Davenport Gap'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Timber Ridge (Envelope 106, Negatives 875-886) (4 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Timber Ridge (Envelope 106, Negatives 875-886) (5 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Timber Ridge (Envelope 106, Negatives 875-886) (6 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Timber Ridge (Envelope 106, Negatives 875-886) (7 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Timber Ridge (Envelope 106, Negatives 875-886) (8 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Timber Ridge (Envelope 106, Negatives 875-886) (9 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Scouting trip to Mount Chapman (Envelope 107, Negatives 887-893, 897, 898, and 904) (1 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Scouting trip to Mount Chapman (Envelope 107, Negatives 887-893, 897, 898, and 904) (2 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Scouting trip to Mount Chapman (Envelope 107, Negatives 887-893, 897, 898, and 904) (3 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Scouting trip to Mount Chapman (Envelope 107, Negatives 887-893, 897, 898, and 904) (4 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Scouting trip to Mount Chapman (Envelope 107, Negatives 887-893, 897, 898, and 904) (5 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Scouting trip to Mount Chapman (Envelope 107, Negatives 887-893, 897, 898, and 904) (6 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Scouting trip to Mount Chapman (Envelope 107, Negatives 887-893, 897, 898, and 904) (7 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Scouting trip to Mount Chapman (Envelope 107, Negatives 887-893, 897, 898, and 904) (8 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Jump off instead of Norton Creek (Envelope 108, Negatives 894-896, 899-903, 905, 906, and 912-917) (1 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Jump off instead of Norton Creek (Envelope 108, Negatives 894-896, 899-903, 905, 906, and 912-917) (2 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Jump off instead of Norton Creek (Envelope 108, Negatives 894-896, 899-903, 905, 906, and 912-917) (3 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Jump off instead of Norton Creek (Envelope 108, Negatives 894-896, 899-903, 905, 906, and 912-917) (4 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Jump off instead of Norton Creek (Envelope 108, Negatives 894-896, 899-903, 905, 906, and 912-917) (5 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Jump off instead of Norton Creek (Envelope 108, Negatives 894-896, 899-903, 905, 906, and 912-917) (6 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Jump off instead of Norton Creek (Envelope 108, Negatives 894-896, 899-903, 905, 906, and 912-917) (7 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Jump off instead of Norton Creek (Envelope 108, Negatives 894-896, 899-903, 905, 906, and 912-917) (8 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Jump off instead of Norton Creek (Envelope 108, Negatives 894-896, 899-903, 905, 906, and 912-917) (9 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Jump off instead of Norton Creek (Envelope 108, Negatives 894-896, 899-903, 905, 906, and 912-917) (10 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Jump off instead of Norton Creek (Envelope 108, Negatives 894-896, 899-903, 905, 906, and 912-917) (11 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Jump off instead of Norton Creek (Envelope 108, Negatives 894-896, 899-903, 905, 906, and 912-917) (12 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mount Chapman by Buck Fork (Envelope 109, Negatives 907-911, 913-916, and 918-920) (1 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mount Chapman by Buck Fork (Envelope 109, Negatives 907-911, 913-916, and 918-920) (2 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mount Chapman by Buck Fork (Envelope 109, Negatives 907-911, 913-916, and 918-920) (3 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mount Chapman by Buck Fork (Envelope 109, Negatives 907-911, 913-916, and 918-920) (4 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mount Chapman by Buck Fork (Envelope 109, Negatives 907-911, 913-916, and 918-920) (5 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mount Chapman by Buck Fork (Envelope 109, Negatives 907-911, 913-916, and 918-920) (6 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mount Chapman by Buck Fork (Envelope 109, Negatives 907-911, 913-916, and 918-920) (7 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mount Chapman by Buck Fork (Envelope 109, Negatives 907-911, 913-916, and 918-920) (8 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mount Chapman by Buck Fork (Envelope 109, Negatives 907-911, 913-916, and 918-920) (9 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mount Chapman by Buck Fork (Envelope 109, Negatives 907-911, 913-916, and 918-920) (10 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mount Chapman by Buck Fork (Envelope 109, Negatives 907-911, 913-916, and 918-920) (11 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mount Chapman by Buck Fork (Envelope 109, Negatives 907-911, 913-916, and 918-920) (12 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mount Chapman by Buck Fork (Envelope 109, Negatives 907-911, 913-916, and 918-920) (13 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Old Indian Gap Trail over Mingus (Envelope 110, Negatives 921-938 and 949-956) (1 of 20)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Old Indian Gap Trail over Mingus (Envelope 110, Negatives 921-938 and 949-956) (2 of 20)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Old Indian Gap Trail over Mingus (Envelope 110, Negatives 921-938 and 949-956) (3 of 20)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Old Indian Gap Trail over Mingus (Envelope 110, Negatives 921-938 and 949-956) (4 of 20)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Old Indian Gap Trail over Mingus (Envelope 110, Negatives 921-938 and 949-956) (5 of 20)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Old Indian Gap Trail over Mingus (Envelope 110, Negatives 921-938 and 949-956) (6 of 20)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Old Indian Gap Trail over Mingus (Envelope 110, Negatives 921-938 and 949-956) (7 of 20)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Old Indian Gap Trail over Mingus (Envelope 110, Negatives 921-938 and 949-956) (8 of 20)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Old Indian Gap Trail over Mingus (Envelope 110, Negatives 921-938 and 949-956) (9 of 20)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Old Indian Gap Trail over Mingus (Envelope 110, Negatives 921-938 and 949-956) (10 of 20)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Old Indian Gap Trail over Mingus (Envelope 110, Negatives 921-938 and 949-956) (11 of 20)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Old Indian Gap Trail over Mingus (Envelope 110, Negatives 921-938 and 949-956) (12 of 20)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Old Indian Gap Trail over Mingus (Envelope 110, Negatives 921-938 and 949-956) (13 of 20)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Old Indian Gap Trail over Mingus (Envelope 110, Negatives 921-938 and 949-956) (14 of 20)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Old Indian Gap Trail over Mingus (Envelope 110, Negatives 921-938 and 949-956) (15 of 20)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Old Indian Gap Trail over Mingus (Envelope 110, Negatives 921-938 and 949-956) (16 of 20)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Old Indian Gap Trail over Mingus (Envelope 110, Negatives 921-938 and 949-956) (17 of 20)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Old Indian Gap Trail over Mingus (Envelope 110, Negatives 921-938 and 949-956) (18 of 20)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Old Indian Gap Trail over Mingus (Envelope 110, Negatives 921-938 and 949-956) (19 of 20)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Old Indian Gap Trail over Mingus (Envelope 110, Negatives 921-938 and 949-956) (20 of 20)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hole in Rock Mountain (Envelope 111, Negatives 939-948, 950, 952, and 954) (1 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hole in Rock Mountain (Envelope 111, Negatives 939-948, 950, 952, and 954) (2 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hole in Rock Mountain (Envelope 111, Negatives 939-948, 950, 952, and 954) (3 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hole in Rock Mountain (Envelope 111, Negatives 939-948, 950, 952, and 954) (4 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hole in Rock Mountain (Envelope 111, Negatives 939-948, 950, 952, and 954) (5 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hole in Rock Mountain (Envelope 111, Negatives 939-948, 950, 952, and 954) (6 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hole in Rock Mountain (Envelope 111, Negatives 939-948, 950, 952, and 954) (7 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hole in Rock Mountain (Envelope 111, Negatives 939-948, 950, 952, and 954) (8 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hole in Rock Mountain (Envelope 111, Negatives 939-948, 950, 952, and 954) (9 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hole in Rock Mountain (Envelope 111, Negatives 939-948, 950, 952, and 954) (10 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hole in Rock Mountain (Envelope 111, Negatives 939-948, 950, 952, and 954) (11 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Abrams Falls (Envelope 112, Negatives 951, 953, 955, and 957-960) (1 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Abrams Falls (Envelope 112, Negatives 951, 953, 955, and 957-960) (2 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Abrams Falls (Envelope 112, Negatives 951, 953, 955, and 957-960) (3 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Abrams Falls (Envelope 112, Negatives 951, 953, 955, and 957-960) (4 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Abrams Falls (Envelope 112, Negatives 951, 953, 955, and 957-960) (5 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Alum Cave, LeConte, and Bear Pen Hollow (Envelope 113, Negatives 961-965) (1 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Alum Cave, LeConte, and Bear Pen Hollow (Envelope 113, Negatives 961-965) (2 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Alum Cave, LeConte, and Bear Pen Hollow (Envelope 113, Negatives 961-965) (3 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Alum Cave, LeConte, and Bear Pen Hollow (Envelope 113, Negatives 961-965) (4 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Alum Cave, LeConte, and Bear Pen Hollow (Envelope 113, Negatives 961-965) (5 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '141-Special Hike. Jan. 1-halfway to LeConte on the New Trail from New Found Gap. Jan. 2-Top of Rock Spur from Orchard over New Trail'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Pittman Center to Greenbrier Pinnacle (Envelope 114, Negatives 966-971) (1 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Pittman Center to Greenbrier Pinnacle (Envelope 114, Negatives 966-971) (2 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Pittman Center to Greenbrier Pinnacle (Envelope 114, Negatives 966-971) (3 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Pittman Center to Greenbrier Pinnacle (Envelope 114, Negatives 966-971) (4 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Pittman Center to Greenbrier Pinnacle (Envelope 114, Negatives 966-971) (5 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Pittman Center to Greenbrier Pinnacle (Envelope 114, Negatives 966-971) (6 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Treemont to Sugartree Gap along state line to Silers (Envelope 115, Negatives 972-977) (1 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Treemont to Sugartree Gap along state line to Silers (Envelope 115, Negatives 972-977) (2 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Treemont to Sugartree Gap along state line to Silers (Envelope 115, Negatives 972-977) (3 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Treemont to Sugartree Gap along state line to Silers (Envelope 115, Negatives 972-977) (4 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Millstone Gap to Walland on Chilhowee Mountain (Envelope 116, Negatives 978-981) (1 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Millstone Gap to Walland on Chilhowee Mountain (Envelope 116, Negatives 978-981) (2 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Millstone Gap to Walland on Chilhowee Mountain (Envelope 116, Negatives 978-981) (3 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Millstone Gap to Walland on Chilhowee Mountain (Envelope 116, Negatives 978-981) (4 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Savages Coal Creek Rock Garden (Envelope 117, Negatives 982-988) (1 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Savages Coal Creek Rock Garden (Envelope 117, Negatives 982-988) (2 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Savages Coal Creek Rock Garden (Envelope 117, Negatives 982-988) (3 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Savages Coal Creek Rock Garden (Envelope 117, Negatives 982-988) (4 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Savages Coal Creek Rock Garden (Envelope 117, Negatives 982-988) (5 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hole in Rock Mountain (Envelope 118, Negatives 989-992, 994, and 997) (1 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hole in Rock Mountain (Envelope 118, Negatives 989-992, 994, and 997) (2 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hole in Rock Mountain (Envelope 118, Negatives 989-992, 994, and 997) (3 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hole in Rock Mountain (Envelope 118, Negatives 989-992, 994, and 997) (4 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hole in Rock Mountain (Envelope 118, Negatives 989-992, 994, and 997) (5 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Deal Gap to Newfound Gap (Envelope 119, Negatives 995 and 996) (1 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Deal Gap to Newfound Gap (Envelope 119, Negatives 995 and 996) (2 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Laurel Falls (Envelope 120, Negatives 999-1003) (1 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Laurel Falls (Envelope 120, Negatives 999-1003) (2 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Laurel Falls (Envelope 120, Negatives 999-1003) (3 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Laurel Falls (Envelope 120, Negatives 999-1003) (4 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Laurel Falls (Envelope 120, Negatives 999-1003) (5 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Laurel Falls (Envelope 120, Negatives 999-1003) (6 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Laurel Falls (Envelope 120, Negatives 999-1003) (7 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Brushy (Envelope 121, Negatives 998, 997, 1004-1008, and 1021) (1 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Brushy (Envelope 121, Negatives 998, 997, 1004-1008, and 1021) (2 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Brushy (Envelope 121, Negatives 998, 997, 1004-1008, and 1021) (3 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Brushy (Envelope 121, Negatives 998, 997, 1004-1008, and 1021) (4 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Brushy (Envelope 121, Negatives 998, 997, 1004-1008, and 1021) (5 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Brushy (Envelope 121, Negatives 998, 997, 1004-1008, and 1021) (6 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Silers Bald and Clingman Dome (Envelope 122, Negatives 1009-1020 and 1022-1024) (1 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Silers Bald and Clingman Dome (Envelope 122, Negatives 1009-1020 and 1022-1024) (2 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Silers Bald and Clingman Dome (Envelope 122, Negatives 1009-1020 and 1022-1024) (3 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Silers Bald and Clingman Dome (Envelope 122, Negatives 1009-1020 and 1022-1024) (4 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Silers Bald and Clingman Dome (Envelope 122, Negatives 1009-1020 and 1022-1024) (5 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Silers Bald and Clingman Dome (Envelope 122, Negatives 1009-1020 and 1022-1024) (6 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Silers Bald and Clingman Dome (Envelope 122, Negatives 1009-1020 and 1022-1024) (7 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Silers Bald and Clingman Dome (Envelope 122, Negatives 1009-1020 and 1022-1024) (8 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Silers Bald and Clingman Dome (Envelope 122, Negatives 1009-1020 and 1022-1024) (9 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Silers Bald and Clingman Dome (Envelope 122, Negatives 1009-1020 and 1022-1024) (10 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Silers Bald and Clingman Dome (Envelope 122, Negatives 1009-1020 and 1022-1024) (11 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Silers Bald and Clingman Dome (Envelope 122, Negatives 1009-1020 and 1022-1024) (12 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Silers Bald and Clingman Dome (Envelope 122, Negatives 1009-1020 and 1022-1024) (13 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hugh Ridge to state line across to Newfound (Envelope 123, Negatives 1025-1041, 1043, 1044, 1046, and 1053) (1 of 20)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hugh Ridge to state line across to Newfound (Envelope 123, Negatives 1025-1041, 1043, 1044, 1046, and 1053) (2 of 20)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hugh Ridge to state line across to Newfound (Envelope 123, Negatives 1025-1041, 1043, 1044, 1046, and 1053) (3 of 20)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hugh Ridge to state line across to Newfound (Envelope 123, Negatives 1025-1041, 1043, 1044, 1046, and 1053) (4 of 20)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hugh Ridge to state line across to Newfound (Envelope 123, Negatives 1025-1041, 1043, 1044, 1046, and 1053) (5 of 20)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hugh Ridge to state line across to Newfound (Envelope 123, Negatives 1025-1041, 1043, 1044, 1046, and 1053) (6 of 20)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hugh Ridge to state line across to Newfound (Envelope 123, Negatives 1025-1041, 1043, 1044, 1046, and 1053) (7 of 20)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hugh Ridge to state line across to Newfound (Envelope 123, Negatives 1025-1041, 1043, 1044, 1046, and 1053) (8 of 20)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hugh Ridge to state line across to Newfound (Envelope 123, Negatives 1025-1041, 1043, 1044, 1046, and 1053) (9 of 20)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hugh Ridge to state line across to Newfound (Envelope 123, Negatives 1025-1041, 1043, 1044, 1046, and 1053) (10 of 20)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hugh Ridge to state line across to Newfound (Envelope 123, Negatives 1025-1041, 1043, 1044, 1046, and 1053) (11 of 20)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hugh Ridge to state line across to Newfound (Envelope 123, Negatives 1025-1041, 1043, 1044, 1046, and 1053) (12 of 20)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hugh Ridge to state line across to Newfound (Envelope 123, Negatives 1025-1041, 1043, 1044, 1046, and 1053) (13 of 20)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hugh Ridge to state line across to Newfound (Envelope 123, Negatives 1025-1041, 1043, 1044, 1046, and 1053) (14 of 20)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hugh Ridge to state line across to Newfound (Envelope 123, Negatives 1025-1041, 1043, 1044, 1046, and 1053) (15 of 20)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hugh Ridge to state line across to Newfound (Envelope 123, Negatives 1025-1041, 1043, 1044, 1046, and 1053) (16 of 20)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hugh Ridge to state line across to Newfound (Envelope 123, Negatives 1025-1041, 1043, 1044, 1046, and 1053) (17 of 20)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hugh Ridge to state line across to Newfound (Envelope 123, Negatives 1025-1041, 1043, 1044, 1046, and 1053) (18 of 20)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hugh Ridge to state line across to Newfound (Envelope 123, Negatives 1025-1041, 1043, 1044, 1046, and 1053) (19 of 20)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hugh Ridge to state line across to Newfound (Envelope 123, Negatives 1025-1041, 1043, 1044, 1046, and 1053) (20 of 20)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte and Roaring Forks (Envelope 124, Negatives 1042, 1045, 1047-1052, and 1064-1066) (1 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte and Roaring Forks (Envelope 124, Negatives 1042, 1045, 1047-1052, and 1064-1066) (2 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte and Roaring Forks (Envelope 124, Negatives 1042, 1045, 1047-1052, and 1064-1066) (3 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte and Roaring Forks (Envelope 124, Negatives 1042, 1045, 1047-1052, and 1064-1066) (4 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte and Roaring Forks (Envelope 124, Negatives 1042, 1045, 1047-1052, and 1064-1066) (5 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte and Roaring Forks (Envelope 124, Negatives 1042, 1045, 1047-1052, and 1064-1066) (6 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte and Roaring Forks (Envelope 124, Negatives 1042, 1045, 1047-1052, and 1064-1066) (7 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte and Roaring Forks (Envelope 124, Negatives 1042, 1045, 1047-1052, and 1064-1066) (8 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte and Roaring Forks (Envelope 124, Negatives 1042, 1045, 1047-1052, and 1064-1066) (9 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte and Roaring Forks (Envelope 124, Negatives 1042, 1045, 1047-1052, and 1064-1066) (10 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cheoah Bald North Carolina to Stecoah Gap (Envelope 125, Negatives 1054-1063) (1 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cheoah Bald North Carolina to Stecoah Gap (Envelope 125, Negatives 1054-1063) (2 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cheoah Bald North Carolina to Stecoah Gap (Envelope 125, Negatives 1054-1063) (3 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cheoah Bald North Carolina to Stecoah Gap (Envelope 125, Negatives 1054-1063) (4 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cheoah Bald North Carolina to Stecoah Gap (Envelope 125, Negatives 1054-1063) (5 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cheoah Bald North Carolina to Stecoah Gap (Envelope 125, Negatives 1054-1063) (6 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cheoah Bald North Carolina to Stecoah Gap (Envelope 125, Negatives 1054-1063) (7 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cheoah Bald North Carolina to Stecoah Gap (Envelope 125, Negatives 1054-1063) (8 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cheoah Bald North Carolina to Stecoah Gap (Envelope 125, Negatives 1054-1063) (9 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cades Cove to Gregory Bald across state line to Thunderhead (Envelope 126, Negatives 1068-1073 and 1076-1078) (1 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cades Cove to Gregory Bald across state line to Thunderhead (Envelope 126, Negatives 1068-1073 and 1076-1078) (2 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cades Cove to Gregory Bald across state line to Thunderhead (Envelope 126, Negatives 1068-1073 and 1076-1078) (3 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cades Cove to Gregory Bald across state line to Thunderhead (Envelope 126, Negatives 1068-1073 and 1076-1078) (4 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cades Cove to Gregory Bald across state line to Thunderhead (Envelope 126, Negatives 1068-1073 and 1076-1078) (5 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cades Cove to Gregory Bald across state line to Thunderhead (Envelope 126, Negatives 1068-1073 and 1076-1078) (6 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cades Cove to Gregory Bald across state line to Thunderhead (Envelope 126, Negatives 1068-1073 and 1076-1078) (7 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cades Cove to Gregory Bald across state line to Thunderhead (Envelope 126, Negatives 1068-1073 and 1076-1078) (8 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Meigs Mountain (Envelope 127, Negatives 1074, 1075, 1085, 1087, and 1090) (1 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '509 - Alum Cave and LeConte'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '144-Reg. Hike. Rich Mt.'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Meigs Mountain (Envelope 127, Negatives 1074, 1075, 1085, 1087, and 1090) (2 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Meigs Mountain (Envelope 127, Negatives 1074, 1075, 1085, 1087, and 1090) (3 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Meigs Mountain (Envelope 127, Negatives 1074, 1075, 1085, 1087, and 1090) (4 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Meigs Mountain (Envelope 127, Negatives 1074, 1075, 1085, 1087, and 1090) (5 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Trail Clearing between Deal Gap and Tapoco (Envelope 128, Negatives 1079-1081, 1083, 1084, 1088, 1089, 1091, and 1096) (1 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Trail Clearing between Deal Gap and Tapoco (Envelope 128, Negatives 1079-1081, 1083, 1084, 1088, 1089, 1091, and 1096) (2 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Trail Clearing between Deal Gap and Tapoco (Envelope 128, Negatives 1079-1081, 1083, 1084, 1088, 1089, 1091, and 1096) (3 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Trail Clearing between Deal Gap and Tapoco (Envelope 128, Negatives 1079-1081, 1083, 1084, 1088, 1089, 1091, and 1096) (4 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Trail Clearing between Deal Gap and Tapoco (Envelope 128, Negatives 1079-1081, 1083, 1084, 1088, 1089, 1091, and 1096) (5 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Trail Clearing between Deal Gap and Tapoco (Envelope 128, Negatives 1079-1081, 1083, 1084, 1088, 1089, 1091, and 1096) (6 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Trail Clearing between Deal Gap and Tapoco (Envelope 128, Negatives 1079-1081, 1083, 1084, 1088, 1089, 1091, and 1096) (7 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Trail Clearing between Deal Gap and Tapoco (Envelope 128, Negatives 1079-1081, 1083, 1084, 1088, 1089, 1091, and 1096) (8 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Trail Clearing between Deal Gap and Tapoco (Envelope 128, Negatives 1079-1081, 1083, 1084, 1088, 1089, 1091, and 1096) (9 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Tapoco along Yellow Creek Mountain (Envelope 129, Negatives 1086, 1093, and 1095) (1 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Tapoco along Yellow Creek Mountain (Envelope 129, Negatives 1086, 1093, and 1095) (2 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Tapoco along Yellow Creek Mountain (Envelope 129, Negatives 1086, 1093, and 1095) (3 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Tapoco along Yellow Creek Mountain (Envelope 129, Negatives 1086, 1093, and 1095) (4 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Tapoco along Yellow Creek Mountain (Envelope 129, Negatives 1086, 1093, and 1095) (5 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'White Rock from Cosby (Envelope 130, Negatives 1097-1102) (1 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'White Rock from Cosby (Envelope 130, Negatives 1097-1102) (2 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'White Rock from Cosby (Envelope 130, Negatives 1097-1102) (3 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'White Rock from Cosby (Envelope 130, Negatives 1097-1102) (4 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'White Rock from Cosby (Envelope 130, Negatives 1097-1102) (5 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Yellow Creek Mountain (Envelope 132, Negatives 1104-1106) (1 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Yellow Creek Mountain (Envelope 132, Negatives 1104-1106) (2 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Yellow Creek Mountain (Envelope 132, Negatives 1104-1106) (3 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mount Chapman, Guyot, and Ramsey Creek (Envelope 133, Negatives 1103, 1107-1109, 1110, 1113, 1119, 1124, and 1125) (1 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mount Chapman, Guyot, and Ramsey Creek (Envelope 133, Negatives 1103, 1107-1109, 1110, 1113, 1119, 1124, and 1125) (2 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mount Chapman, Guyot, and Ramsey Creek (Envelope 133, Negatives 1103, 1107-1109, 1110, 1113, 1119, 1124, and 1125) (3 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mount Chapman, Guyot, and Ramsey Creek (Envelope 133, Negatives 1103, 1107-1109, 1110, 1113, 1119, 1124, and 1125) (4 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mount Chapman, Guyot, and Ramsey Creek (Envelope 133, Negatives 1103, 1107-1109, 1110, 1113, 1119, 1124, and 1125) (5 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mount Chapman, Guyot, and Ramsey Creek (Envelope 133, Negatives 1103, 1107-1109, 1110, 1113, 1119, 1124, and 1125) (6 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mount Chapman, Guyot, and Ramsey Creek (Envelope 133, Negatives 1103, 1107-1109, 1110, 1113, 1119, 1124, and 1125) (7 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mount Chapman, Guyot, and Ramsey Creek (Envelope 133, Negatives 1103, 1107-1109, 1110, 1113, 1119, 1124, and 1125) (8 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mount Chapman, Guyot, and Ramsey Creek (Envelope 133, Negatives 1103, 1107-1109, 1110, 1113, 1119, 1124, and 1125) (9 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mount Chapman, Guyot, and Ramsey Creek (Envelope 133, Negatives 1103, 1107-1109, 1110, 1113, 1119, 1124, and 1125) (10 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mount Chapman, Guyot, and Ramsey Creek (Envelope 133, Negatives 1103, 1107-1109, 1110, 1113, 1119, 1124, and 1125) (11 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Andrews Bald (Envelope 134, Negatives 1114-1118, 1120, 1123, 1127, and 1130) (1 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Andrews Bald (Envelope 134, Negatives 1114-1118, 1120, 1123, 1127, and 1130) (2 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Andrews Bald (Envelope 134, Negatives 1114-1118, 1120, 1123, 1127, and 1130) (3 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Andrews Bald (Envelope 134, Negatives 1114-1118, 1120, 1123, 1127, and 1130) (4 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Andrews Bald (Envelope 134, Negatives 1114-1118, 1120, 1123, 1127, and 1130) (5 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Andrews Bald (Envelope 134, Negatives 1114-1118, 1120, 1123, 1127, and 1130) (6 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Andrews Bald (Envelope 134, Negatives 1114-1118, 1120, 1123, 1127, and 1130) (7 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Andrews Bald (Envelope 134, Negatives 1114-1118, 1120, 1123, 1127, and 1130) (8 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Andrews Bald (Envelope 134, Negatives 1114-1118, 1120, 1123, 1127, and 1130) (9 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Andrews Bald (Envelope 134, Negatives 1114-1118, 1120, 1123, 1127, and 1130) (10 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Andrews Bald (Envelope 134, Negatives 1114-1118, 1120, 1123, 1127, and 1130) (11 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Look Rock (Envelope 135, Negatives 1126, 1132, 1135) (1 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Look Rock (Envelope 135, Negatives 1126, 1132, 1135) (2 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Look Rock (Envelope 135, Negatives 1126, 1132, 1135) (3 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Madrous Bald (Envelope 136, Negatives 1132, 1134, 1136, 1138, 1140, 1141, and 1146) (1 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Madrous Bald (Envelope 136, Negatives 1132, 1134, 1136, 1138, 1140, 1141, and 1146) (2 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Madrous Bald (Envelope 136, Negatives 1132, 1134, 1136, 1138, 1140, 1141, and 1146) (3 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Madrous Bald (Envelope 136, Negatives 1132, 1134, 1136, 1138, 1140, 1141, and 1146) (4 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Madrous Bald (Envelope 136, Negatives 1132, 1134, 1136, 1138, 1140, 1141, and 1146) (5 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Madrous Bald (Envelope 136, Negatives 1132, 1134, 1136, 1138, 1140, 1141, and 1146) (6 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Madrous Bald (Envelope 136, Negatives 1132, 1134, 1136, 1138, 1140, 1141, and 1146) (7 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Madrous Bald (Envelope 136, Negatives 1132, 1134, 1136, 1138, 1140, 1141, and 1146) (8 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Jump offs on new trail (Envelope 137, Negatives 1137, 1139, 1142-1145, 1147, 1148, and 1152) (1 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Jump offs on new trail (Envelope 137, Negatives 1137, 1139, 1142-1145, 1147, 1148, and 1152) (2 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Jump offs on new trail (Envelope 137, Negatives 1137, 1139, 1142-1145, 1147, 1148, and 1152) (3 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Jump offs on new trail (Envelope 137, Negatives 1137, 1139, 1142-1145, 1147, 1148, and 1152) (4 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Jump offs on new trail (Envelope 137, Negatives 1137, 1139, 1142-1145, 1147, 1148, and 1152) (5 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Jump offs on new trail (Envelope 137, Negatives 1137, 1139, 1142-1145, 1147, 1148, and 1152) (6 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Jump offs on new trail (Envelope 137, Negatives 1137, 1139, 1142-1145, 1147, 1148, and 1152) (7 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Jump offs on new trail (Envelope 137, Negatives 1137, 1139, 1142-1145, 1147, 1148, and 1152) (8 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Jump offs on new trail (Envelope 137, Negatives 1137, 1139, 1142-1145, 1147, 1148, and 1152) (9 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chimneys by Sugarland (Envelope 138, Negatives 1149, 1151, 1153, 1155) (1 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chimneys by Sugarland (Envelope 138, Negatives 1149, 1151, 1153, 1155) (2 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chimneys by Sugarland (Envelope 138, Negatives 1149, 1151, 1153, 1155) (3 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chimneys by Sugarland (Envelope 138, Negatives 1149, 1151, 1153, 1155) (4 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Jump off (Envelope 139, Negatives 1154 and 1156-1164) (1 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Jump off (Envelope 139, Negatives 1154 and 1156-1164) (2 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Jump off (Envelope 139, Negatives 1154 and 1156-1164) (3 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Jump off (Envelope 139, Negatives 1154 and 1156-1164) (4 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Jump off (Envelope 139, Negatives 1154 and 1156-1164) (5 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Jump off (Envelope 139, Negatives 1154 and 1156-1164) (6 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Jump off (Envelope 139, Negatives 1154 and 1156-1164) (7 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Jump off (Envelope 139, Negatives 1154 and 1156-1164) (8 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '510a - Dupont Spring'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Jump off instead of Mount Harrison (Envelope 140, Negatives 1165, 1178, and 1180) (1 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Jump off instead of Mount Harrison (Envelope 140, Negatives 1165, 1178, and 1180) (2 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Jump off instead of Mount Harrison (Envelope 140, Negatives 1165, 1178, and 1180) (3 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Jump off instead of Mount Harrison (Envelope 140, Negatives 1165, 1178, and 1180) (4 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Jump off instead of Mount Harrison (Envelope 140, Negatives 1165, 1178, and 1180) (5 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Rocky Spur trail and Newfound Gap trail (Envelope 141, Negatives 1166-1177 and 11821-1193) (1 of 16)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Rocky Spur trail and Newfound Gap trail (Envelope 141, Negatives 1166-1177 and 11821-1193) (2 of 16)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Rocky Spur trail and Newfound Gap trail (Envelope 141, Negatives 1166-1177 and 11821-1193) (3 of 16)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Rocky Spur trail and Newfound Gap trail (Envelope 141, Negatives 1166-1177 and 11821-1193) (4 of 16)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Rocky Spur trail and Newfound Gap trail (Envelope 141, Negatives 1166-1177 and 11821-1193) (5 of 16)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Rocky Spur trail and Newfound Gap trail (Envelope 141, Negatives 1166-1177 and 11821-1193) (6 of 16)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Rocky Spur trail and Newfound Gap trail (Envelope 141, Negatives 1166-1177 and 11821-1193) (7 of 16)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Rocky Spur trail and Newfound Gap trail (Envelope 141, Negatives 1166-1177 and 11821-1193) (8 of 16)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Rocky Spur trail and Newfound Gap trail (Envelope 141, Negatives 1166-1177 and 11821-1193) (9 of 16)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Rocky Spur trail and Newfound Gap trail (Envelope 141, Negatives 1166-1177 and 11821-1193) (10 of 16)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Rocky Spur trail and Newfound Gap trail (Envelope 141, Negatives 1166-1177 and 11821-1193) (11 of 16)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Rocky Spur trail and Newfound Gap trail (Envelope 141, Negatives 1166-1177 and 11821-1193) (12 of 16)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Rocky Spur trail and Newfound Gap trail (Envelope 141, Negatives 1166-1177 and 11821-1193) (13 of 16)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Rocky Spur trail and Newfound Gap trail (Envelope 141, Negatives 1166-1177 and 11821-1193) (14 of 16)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Rocky Spur trail and Newfound Gap trail (Envelope 141, Negatives 1166-1177 and 11821-1193) (15 of 16)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Pictures of M. Avery. State Line. 1 of Dad'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Rocky Spur trail and Newfound Gap trail (Envelope 141, Negatives 1166-1177 and 11821-1193) (16 of 16)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Laurel Falls (Envelope 142, Negatives 1196-1198) (1 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Laurel Falls (Envelope 142, Negatives 1196-1198) (2 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Laurel Falls (Envelope 142, Negatives 1196-1198) (3 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Yellow Creek Mountain (Envelope 143, Negatives 1194, 1195, 1202, and 1203) (1 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Yellow Creek Mountain (Envelope 143, Negatives 1194, 1195, 1202, and 1203) (2 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Yellow Creek Mountain (Envelope 143, Negatives 1194, 1195, 1202, and 1203) (3 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Yellow Creek Mountain (Envelope 143, Negatives 1194, 1195, 1202, and 1203) (4 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Rich Mountain (Envelope 144, Negatives 1199, 1200, 1201, 1204, and 1209) (1 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Rich Mountain (Envelope 144, Negatives 1199, 1200, 1201, 1204, and 1209) (2 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Rich Mountain (Envelope 144, Negatives 1199, 1200, 1201, 1204, and 1209) (3 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Rich Mountain (Envelope 144, Negatives 1199, 1200, 1201, 1204, and 1209) (4 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Yellow Creek Mountain and Lake Sant (Envelope 145, Negatives 1205-1208, 1210, and 1214) (1 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Yellow Creek Mountain and Lake Sant (Envelope 145, Negatives 1205-1208, 1210, and 1214) (2 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Yellow Creek Mountain and Lake Sant (Envelope 145, Negatives 1205-1208, 1210, and 1214) (3 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Yellow Creek Mountain and Lake Sant (Envelope 145, Negatives 1205-1208, 1210, and 1214) (4 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Yellow Creek Mountain and Lake Sant (Envelope 145, Negatives 1205-1208, 1210, and 1214) (5 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Yellow Creek Mountain and Lake Sant (Envelope 145, Negatives 1205-1208, 1210, and 1214) (6 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Yellow Creek Mountain and Lake Sant (Envelope 145, Negatives 1205-1208, 1210, and 1214) (7 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Walkers Prong and Jump off (Envelope 146, Negatives 1211, 1215, and 1216) (1 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Walkers Prong and Jump off (Envelope 146, Negatives 1211, 1215, and 1216) (2 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Walkers Prong and Jump off (Envelope 146, Negatives 1211, 1215, and 1216) (3 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Yellow Creek (Envelope 147, Negative 1226)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Gregory Bald by Fork Ridge and Return over High Top to Pine Ridge (Envelope 148, Negatives 1217-1225 and 1227) (1 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Gregory Bald by Fork Ridge and Return over High Top to Pine Ridge (Envelope 148, Negatives 1217-1225 and 1227) (2 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Gregory Bald by Fork Ridge and Return over High Top to Pine Ridge (Envelope 148, Negatives 1217-1225 and 1227) (3 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Gregory Bald by Fork Ridge and Return over High Top to Pine Ridge (Envelope 148, Negatives 1217-1225 and 1227) (4 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Gregory Bald by Fork Ridge and Return over High Top to Pine Ridge (Envelope 148, Negatives 1217-1225 and 1227) (5 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'White Rock by Low Gap (Envelope 149, Negatives 1228-1234, 1240, 1244, and 1245) (1 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'White Rock by Low Gap (Envelope 149, Negatives 1228-1234, 1240, 1244, and 1245) (2 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'White Rock by Low Gap (Envelope 149, Negatives 1228-1234, 1240, 1244, and 1245) (3 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'White Rock by Low Gap (Envelope 149, Negatives 1228-1234, 1240, 1244, and 1245) (4 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'White Rock by Low Gap (Envelope 149, Negatives 1228-1234, 1240, 1244, and 1245) (5 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'White Rock by Low Gap (Envelope 149, Negatives 1228-1234, 1240, 1244, and 1245) (6 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'White Rock by Low Gap (Envelope 149, Negatives 1228-1234, 1240, 1244, and 1245) (7 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'White Rock by Low Gap (Envelope 149, Negatives 1228-1234, 1240, 1244, and 1245) (8 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'White Rock by Low Gap (Envelope 149, Negatives 1228-1234, 1240, 1244, and 1245) (9 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Yellow Creek (Envelope 150, Negatives 1235-1239, 1241-1243, and 1247-1250) (1 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Yellow Creek (Envelope 150, Negatives 1235-1239, 1241-1243, and 1247-1250) (2 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Yellow Creek (Envelope 150, Negatives 1235-1239, 1241-1243, and 1247-1250) (3 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Yellow Creek (Envelope 150, Negatives 1235-1239, 1241-1243, and 1247-1250) (4 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Yellow Creek (Envelope 150, Negatives 1235-1239, 1241-1243, and 1247-1250) (5 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Yellow Creek (Envelope 150, Negatives 1235-1239, 1241-1243, and 1247-1250) (6 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Yellow Creek (Envelope 150, Negatives 1235-1239, 1241-1243, and 1247-1250) (7 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Yellow Creek (Envelope 150, Negatives 1235-1239, 1241-1243, and 1247-1250) (8 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte by Mill Creek down Roaring Forks (Envelope 151, 1246, 1248, 1249, 1251, and 1254) (1 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte by Mill Creek down Roaring Forks (Envelope 151, 1246, 1248, 1249, 1251, and 1254) (2 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte by Mill Creek down Roaring Forks (Envelope 151, 1246, 1248, 1249, 1251, and 1254) (3 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte by Mill Creek down Roaring Forks (Envelope 151, 1246, 1248, 1249, 1251, and 1254) (4 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Yellow Creek Gap to Stecoah Gap (Envelope 152, Negatives 1256, 1260, 1263, 1264, and 1266) (1 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Yellow Creek Gap to Stecoah Gap (Envelope 152, Negatives 1256, 1260, 1263, 1264, and 1266) (2 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Yellow Creek Gap to Stecoah Gap (Envelope 152, Negatives 1256, 1260, 1263, 1264, and 1266) (3 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Yellow Creek Gap to Stecoah Gap (Envelope 152, Negatives 1256, 1260, 1263, 1264, and 1266) (4 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Yellow Creek Gap to Stecoah Gap (Envelope 152, Negatives 1256, 1260, 1263, 1264, and 1266) (5 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mount Chapman by Buck Fork (Envelope 153, Negatives 1255, 1257, 1259, 1261, 1262, 1265, 1267, and 1271) (1 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mount Chapman by Buck Fork (Envelope 153, Negatives 1255, 1257, 1259, 1261, 1262, 1265, 1267, and 1271) (2 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mount Chapman by Buck Fork (Envelope 153, Negatives 1255, 1257, 1259, 1261, 1262, 1265, 1267, and 1271) (3 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mount Chapman by Buck Fork (Envelope 153, Negatives 1255, 1257, 1259, 1261, 1262, 1265, 1267, and 1271) (4 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mount Chapman by Buck Fork (Envelope 153, Negatives 1255, 1257, 1259, 1261, 1262, 1265, 1267, and 1271) (5 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mount Chapman by Buck Fork (Envelope 153, Negatives 1255, 1257, 1259, 1261, 1262, 1265, 1267, and 1271) (6 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mount Chapman by Buck Fork (Envelope 153, Negatives 1255, 1257, 1259, 1261, 1262, 1265, 1267, and 1271) (7 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mount Chapman by Buck Fork (Envelope 153, Negatives 1255, 1257, 1259, 1261, 1262, 1265, 1267, and 1271) (8 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mount Chapman by Buck Fork (Envelope 153, Negatives 1255, 1257, 1259, 1261, 1262, 1265, 1267, and 1271) (9 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mount Chapman by Buck Fork (Envelope 153, Negatives 1255, 1257, 1259, 1261, 1262, 1265, 1267, and 1271) (10 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Gregory Bald to Ekaneetle Gap (Envelope 154) (1 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Gregory Bald to Ekaneetle Gap (Envelope 154) (2 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Gregory Bald to Ekaneetle Gap (Envelope 154) (3 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Wesser Station North Carolina to Deal Gap (Envelope 155) (1 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Wesser Station North Carolina to Deal Gap (Envelope 155) (2 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Wesser Station North Carolina to Deal Gap (Envelope 155) (3 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Wesser Station North Carolina to Deal Gap (Envelope 155) (4 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Wesser Station North Carolina to Deal Gap (Envelope 155) (5 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Wesser Station North Carolina to Deal Gap (Envelope 155) (6 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Wesser Station North Carolina to Deal Gap (Envelope 155) (7 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Wesser Station North Carolina to Deal Gap (Envelope 155) (8 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Wesser Station North Carolina to Deal Gap (Envelope 155) (9 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Wesser Station North Carolina to Deal Gap (Envelope 155) (10 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Wesser Station North Carolina to Deal Gap (Envelope 155) (11 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Wesser Station North Carolina to Deal Gap (Envelope 155) (12 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Thunderhead by Bolt Mountain, Return by Thunderhead Prong (Envelope 156) (1 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '510 - Look Rock'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Thunderhead by Bolt Mountain, Return by Thunderhead Prong (Envelope 156) (2 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Thunderhead by Bolt Mountain, Return by Thunderhead Prong (Envelope 156) (3 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Thunderhead by Bolt Mountain, Return by Thunderhead Prong (Envelope 156) (4 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Thunderhead by Bolt Mountain, Return by Thunderhead Prong (Envelope 156) (5 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Thunderhead by Bolt Mountain, Return by Thunderhead Prong (Envelope 156) (6 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Thunderhead by Bolt Mountain, Return by Thunderhead Prong (Envelope 156) (7 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Thunderhead by Bolt Mountain, Return by Thunderhead Prong (Envelope 156) (8 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Thunderhead by Bolt Mountain, Return by Thunderhead Prong (Envelope 156) (9 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Thunderhead by Bolt Mountain, Return by Thunderhead Prong (Envelope 156) (10 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Thunderhead by Bolt Mountain, Return by Thunderhead Prong (Envelope 156) (11 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Stecoah Gap to Cheoah Bald (Envelope 157) (1 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Stecoah Gap to Cheoah Bald (Envelope 157) (2 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Stecoah Gap to Cheoah Bald (Envelope 157) (3 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Stecoah Gap to Cheoah Bald (Envelope 157) (4 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chimneys (Envelope 158) (1 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chimneys (Envelope 158) (2 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chimneys (Envelope 158) (3 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chimneys (Envelope 158) (4 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chimneys (Envelope 158) (5 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chimneys (Envelope 158) (6 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '511 - Sharp Ridge'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Clingman and Silers (Envelope 159) (1 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Clingman and Silers (Envelope 159) (2 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Clingman and Silers (Envelope 159) (3 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Clingman and Silers (Envelope 159) (4 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Wooley Top to Laurel Top (Envelope 160) (1 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Wooley Top to Laurel Top (Envelope 160) (2 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Wooley Top to Laurel Top (Envelope 160) (3 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Wooley Top to Laurel Top (Envelope 160) (4 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Wooley Top to Laurel Top (Envelope 160) (5 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Wooley Top to Laurel Top (Envelope 160) (6 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Wooley Top to Laurel Top (Envelope 160) (7 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Wooley Top to Laurel Top (Envelope 160) (8 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Wooley Top to Laurel Top (Envelope 160) (9 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Barnetts Knob North Carolina (Envelope 161) (1 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Barnetts Knob North Carolina (Envelope 161) (2 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Barnetts Knob North Carolina (Envelope 161) (3 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Barnetts Knob North Carolina (Envelope 161) (4 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Barnetts Knob North Carolina (Envelope 161) (5 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Barnetts Knob North Carolina (Envelope 161) (6 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Barnetts Knob North Carolina (Envelope 161) (7 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Anniversary Meeting'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Smokemont to Three Forks (Envelope 165) (1 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Smokemont to Three Forks (Envelope 165) (2 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Smokemont to Three Forks (Envelope 165) (3 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Smokemont to Three Forks (Envelope 165) (4 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Smokemont to Three Forks (Envelope 165) (5 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Smokemont to Three Forks (Envelope 165) (6 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Smokemont to Three Forks (Envelope 165) (7 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Smokemont to Three Forks (Envelope 165) (8 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Smokemont to Three Forks (Envelope 165) (9 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Smokemont to Three Forks (Envelope 165) (10 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '512 - Cherokee Bluff'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Smokemont to Three Forks (Envelope 165) (11 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Pinnacle at Cumberland Gap (Envelope 166) (1 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Pinnacle at Cumberland Gap (Envelope 166) (2 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Pinnacle at Cumberland Gap (Envelope 166) (3 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Pinnacle at Cumberland Gap (Envelope 166) (4 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Pinnacle at Cumberland Gap (Envelope 166) (5 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Pinnacle at Cumberland Gap (Envelope 166) (6 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte by Alum Cave across Boulevard to New Jersey Gap (Envelope 167) (1 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte by Alum Cave across Boulevard to New Jersey Gap (Envelope 167) (2 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte by Alum Cave across Boulevard to New Jersey Gap (Envelope 167) (3 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '513 - Brown Mt.'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte by Alum Cave across Boulevard to New Jersey Gap (Envelope 167) (4 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte by Alum Cave across Boulevard to New Jersey Gap (Envelope 167) (5 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte by Alum Cave across Boulevard to New Jersey Gap (Envelope 167) (6 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte by Alum Cave across Boulevard to New Jersey Gap (Envelope 167) (7 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte by Alum Cave across Boulevard to New Jersey Gap (Envelope 167) (8 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Wooley Top to Laurel Top (Envelope 163) (1 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Wooley Top to Laurel Top (Envelope 163) (2 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Wooley Top to Laurel Top (Envelope 163) (3 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Wooley Top to Laurel Top (Envelope 163) (4 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Wooley Top to Laurel Top (Envelope 163) (5 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Wooley Top to Laurel Top (Envelope 163) (6 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Wooley Top to Laurel Top (Envelope 163) (7 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Fighting Creek Gap to Mount Harrison (Envelope 164) (1 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Fighting Creek Gap to Mount Harrison (Envelope 164) (2 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Fighting Creek Gap to Mount Harrison (Envelope 164) (3 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Fighting Creek Gap to Mount Harrison (Envelope 164) (4 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Fighting Creek Gap to Mount Harrison (Envelope 164) (5 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Fighting Creek Gap to Mount Harrison (Envelope 164) (6 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Fighting Creek Gap to Mount Harrison (Envelope 164) (7 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Fighting Creek Gap to Mount Harrison (Envelope 164) (8 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Fighting Creek Gap to Mount Harrison (Envelope 164) (9 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Fighting Creek Gap to Mount Harrison (Envelope 164) (10 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Fighting Creek Gap to Mount Harrison (Envelope 164) (11 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled portrait of Albert Roth (Negative 452)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'John Olivers in Cades Cove (Envelope 168) (1 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'John Olivers in Cades Cove (Envelope 168) (2 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cloudland Georgia (Envelope 169) (1 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cloudland Georgia (Envelope 169) (2 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Abrams Falls (Envelope 170) (1 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Abrams Falls (Envelope 170) (2 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '514 - Alum Cave and LeConte'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Dupont Spring (Envelope 171) (1 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Dupont Spring (Envelope 171) (2 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Dupont Spring (Envelope 171) (3 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Dupont Spring (Envelope 171) (4 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Deal Gap to Dam (Envelope 173) (1 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Deal Gap to Dam (Envelope 173) (2 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte by Alum Cave new trail to Orchard (Envelope 174) (1 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte by Alum Cave new trail to Orchard (Envelope 174) (2 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte by Alum Cave new trail to Orchard (Envelope 174) (3 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chimneys (Envelope 175) (1 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chimneys (Envelope 175) (2 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chimneys (Envelope 175) (3 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chimneys (Envelope 175) (4 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound to Sawtooth (Envelope 176) (1 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound to Sawtooth (Envelope 176) (2 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound to Sawtooth (Envelope 176) (3 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound to Sawtooth (Envelope 176) (4 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound to Sawtooth (Envelope 176) (5 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Frozen Head (Envelope 177) (1 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Frozen Head (Envelope 177) (2 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Frozen Head (Envelope 177) (3 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Frozen Head (Envelope 177) (4 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Grassy Patch to Arch Rock (Envelope 178) (1 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Grassy Patch to Arch Rock (Envelope 178) (2 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Grassy Patch to Arch Rock (Envelope 178) (3 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Grassy Patch to Arch Rock (Envelope 178) (4 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Grassy Patch to Arch Rock (Envelope 178) (5 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Grassy Patch to Arch Rock (Envelope 178) (6 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Grassy Patch to Arch Rock (Envelope 178) (7 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Grassy Patch to Arch Rock (Envelope 178) (8 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '303-Look Rock the Mystery Hike'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Grassy Patch to Arch Rock (Envelope 178) (9 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Grassy Patch to Arch Rock (Envelope 178) (10 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Grassy Patch to Arch Rock (Envelope 178) (11 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'White Oak Sinks (Envelope 179) (1 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'White Oak Sinks (Envelope 179) (2 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'White Oak Sinks (Envelope 179) (3 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'White Oak Sinks (Envelope 179) (4 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'White Oak Sinks (Envelope 179) (5 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'White Oak Sinks (Envelope 179) (6 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'White Oak Sinks (Envelope 179) (7 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'White Oak Sinks (Envelope 179) (8 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte from Orchard and down Roaring Forks (Envelope 180) (1 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte from Orchard and down Roaring Forks (Envelope 180) (2 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte from Orchard and down Roaring Forks (Envelope 180) (3 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte from Orchard and down Roaring Forks (Envelope 180) (4 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte from Orchard and down Roaring Forks (Envelope 180) (5 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte from Orchard and down Roaring Forks (Envelope 180) (6 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte from Orchard and down Roaring Forks (Envelope 180) (7 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte from Orchard and down Roaring Forks (Envelope 180) (8 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound Gap to jump off and Doug Walkers (Envelope 181) (1 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound Gap to jump off and Doug Walkers (Envelope 181) (2 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound Gap to jump off and Doug Walkers (Envelope 181) (3 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound Gap to jump off and Doug Walkers (Envelope 181) (4 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound Gap to jump off and Doug Walkers (Envelope 181) (5 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound Gap to jump off and Doug Walkers (Envelope 181) (6 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound Gap to jump off and Doug Walkers (Envelope 181) (7 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound Gap to jump off and Doug Walkers (Envelope 181) (8 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound Gap to jump off and Doug Walkers (Envelope 181) (9 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound Gap to jump off and Doug Walkers (Envelope 181) (10 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound Gap to jump off and Doug Walkers (Envelope 181) (11 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '516 - Clinch Mt.'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound Gap to jump off and Doug Walkers (Envelope 181) (12 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Tellico River and CCC Camp and the Charlie Alexander Cabin (Envelope 182) (1 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Tellico River and CCC Camp and the Charlie Alexander Cabin (Envelope 182) (2 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Tellico River and CCC Camp and the Charlie Alexander Cabin (Envelope 182) (3 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Tellico River and CCC Camp and the Charlie Alexander Cabin (Envelope 182) (4 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Tellico River and CCC Camp and the Charlie Alexander Cabin (Envelope 182) (5 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Tellico River and CCC Camp and the Charlie Alexander Cabin (Envelope 182) (6 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Tellico River and CCC Camp and the Charlie Alexander Cabin (Envelope 182) (7 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Tellico River and CCC Camp and the Charlie Alexander Cabin (Envelope 182) (8 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Tellico River and CCC Camp and the Charlie Alexander Cabin (Envelope 182) (9 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Tellico River and CCC Camp and the Charlie Alexander Cabin (Envelope 182) (10 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': "Wolf Gap to Amerine Gap in Chilhowee's (Envelope 183) (1 of 7)"}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': "Wolf Gap to Amerine Gap in Chilhowee's (Envelope 183) (2 of 7)"}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': "Wolf Gap to Amerine Gap in Chilhowee's (Envelope 183) (3 of 7)"}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': "Wolf Gap to Amerine Gap in Chilhowee's (Envelope 183) (4 of 7)"}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': "Wolf Gap to Amerine Gap in Chilhowee's (Envelope 183) (5 of 7)"}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': "Wolf Gap to Amerine Gap in Chilhowee's (Envelope 183) (6 of 7)"}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': "Wolf Gap to Amerine Gap in Chilhowee's (Envelope 183) (7 of 7)"}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Greenbrier through Porters Flats (Envelope 184)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte up Bear Pen Hollow and down by Alum Cave (Envelope 185) (1 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte up Bear Pen Hollow and down by Alum Cave (Envelope 185) (2 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Wind Rock in Cumberland (Envelope 186) (1 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Wind Rock in Cumberland (Envelope 186) (2 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Wind Rock in Cumberland (Envelope 186) (3 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Tellico River (Envelope 187) (1 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Tellico River (Envelope 187) (2 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Tellico River (Envelope 187) (3 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Tellico River (Envelope 187) (4 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Tellico River (Envelope 187) (5 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Tellico River (Envelope 187) (6 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '517 - Walnut Bottom. Special Hike to Hunt Lost Plane'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Tellico River (Envelope 187) (7 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Tellico River (Envelope 187) (8 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Tellico River (Envelope 187) (9 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hiking Club Cabin (Envelope 188) (1 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hiking Club Cabin (Envelope 188) (2 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hiking Club Cabin (Envelope 188) (3 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hiking Club Cabin (Envelope 188) (4 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hiking Club Cabin (Envelope 188) (5 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hiking Club Cabin (Envelope 188) (6 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hiking Club Cabin (Envelope 188) (7 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Fort Harry (Envelope 189) (1 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Fort Harry (Envelope 189) (2 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Fort Harry (Envelope 189) (3 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Fort Harry (Envelope 189) (4 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Fort Harry (Envelope 189) (5 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Roan Mountain (Envelope 190) (1 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Roan Mountain (Envelope 190) (2 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Roan Mountain (Envelope 190) (3 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Roan Mountain (Envelope 190) (4 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Roan Mountain (Envelope 190) (5 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Roan Mountain (Envelope 190) (6 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Roan Mountain (Envelope 190) (7 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Roan Mountain (Envelope 190) (8 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hiking Club Cabin (Envelope 191) (1 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hiking Club Cabin (Envelope 191) (2 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hiking Club Cabin (Envelope 191) (3 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hiking Club Cabin (Envelope 191) (4 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hiking Club Cabin (Envelope 191) (5 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hiking Club Cabin (Envelope 191) (6 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mount White Side North Carolina and Falls near Highland North Carolina (Envelope 192) (1 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mount White Side North Carolina and Falls near Highland North Carolina (Envelope 192) (2 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mount White Side North Carolina and Falls near Highland North Carolina (Envelope 192) (3 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mount White Side North Carolina and Falls near Highland North Carolina (Envelope 192) (4 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mount White Side North Carolina and Falls near Highland North Carolina (Envelope 192) (5 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mount White Side North Carolina and Falls near Highland North Carolina (Envelope 192) (6 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mount White Side North Carolina and Falls near Highland North Carolina (Envelope 192) (7 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mount White Side North Carolina and Falls near Highland North Carolina (Envelope 192) (8 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mount White Side North Carolina and Falls near Highland North Carolina (Envelope 192) (9 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mount White Side North Carolina and Falls near Highland North Carolina (Envelope 192) (10 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cabin in Brier (Envelope 193) (1 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '518 - Cumberland Mount Lafayette'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '347-Little River to Schoolhouse Gap'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cabin in Brier (Envelope 193) (2 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cabin in Brier (Envelope 193) (3 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chimneys (Envelope 194) (1 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chimneys (Envelope 194) (2 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chimneys (Envelope 194) (3 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chimneys (Envelope 194) (4 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chimneys (Envelope 194) (5 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hiking Club Cabin (Envelope 195) (1 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hiking Club Cabin (Envelope 195) (2 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hiking Club Cabin (Envelope 195) (3 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Ramsey Cascade (Envelope 196) (1 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Ramsey Cascade (Envelope 196) (2 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Ramsey Cascade (Envelope 196) (3 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Ramsey Cascade (Envelope 196) (4 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Ramsey Cascade (Envelope 196) (5 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Ramsey Cascade (Envelope 196) (6 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Ramsey Cascade (Envelope 196) (7 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Ramsey Cascade (Envelope 196) (8 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Ramsey Cascade (Envelope 196) (9 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Ramsey Cascade (Envelope 196) (10 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Ramsey Cascade (Envelope 196) (11 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Ramsey Cascade (Envelope 196) (12 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cabin in the Brier (Envelope 197) (1 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cabin in the Brier (Envelope 197) (2 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Haw Knob (Envelope 198) (1 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Haw Knob (Envelope 198) (2 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Haw Knob (Envelope 198) (3 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Haw Knob (Envelope 198) (4 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Haw Knob (Envelope 198) (5 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Haw Knob (Envelope 198) (6 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '519 - Cabin Work Trip'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Haw Knob (Envelope 198) (7 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Haw Knob (Envelope 198) (8 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Haw Knob (Envelope 198) (9 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Greenbrier Pinnacle to New Steel Town (Envelope 199) (1 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Greenbrier Pinnacle to New Steel Town (Envelope 199) (2 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Greenbrier Pinnacle to New Steel Town (Envelope 199) (3 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Greenbrier Pinnacle to New Steel Town (Envelope 199) (4 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Greenbrier Pinnacle to New Steel Town (Envelope 199) (5 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Greenbrier Pinnacle to New Steel Town (Envelope 199) (6 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Greenbrier Pinnacle to New Steel Town (Envelope 199) (7 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Greenbrier Pinnacle to New Steel Town (Envelope 199) (8 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Greenbrier Pinnacle to New Steel Town (Envelope 199) (9 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Greenbrier Pinnacle to New Steel Town (Envelope 199) (10 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Greenbrier Pinnacle to New Steel Town (Envelope 199) (11 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cabin in Brier (Envelope 200)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound Gap along highway to Clingman (Envelope 201) (1 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound Gap along highway to Clingman (Envelope 201) (2 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound Gap along highway to Clingman (Envelope 201) (3 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound Gap along highway to Clingman (Envelope 201) (4 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound Gap along highway to Clingman (Envelope 201) (5 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound Gap along highway to Clingman (Envelope 201) (6 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound Gap along highway to Clingman (Envelope 201) (7 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound Gap along highway to Clingman (Envelope 201) (8 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Greenbrier (Envelope 202) (1 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Greenbrier (Envelope 202) (2 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Greenbrier (Envelope 202) (3 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Greenbrier (Envelope 202) (4 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Walnut Bottom and Mount Sterling and White Rock (Envelope 203) (1 of 22)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Walnut Bottom and Mount Sterling and White Rock (Envelope 203) (2 of 22)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Walnut Bottom and Mount Sterling and White Rock (Envelope 203) (3 of 22)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Walnut Bottom and Mount Sterling and White Rock (Envelope 203) (4 of 22)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Walnut Bottom and Mount Sterling and White Rock (Envelope 203) (5 of 22)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Walnut Bottom and Mount Sterling and White Rock (Envelope 203) (6 of 22)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Walnut Bottom and Mount Sterling and White Rock (Envelope 203) (7 of 22)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Walnut Bottom and Mount Sterling and White Rock (Envelope 203) (8 of 22)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Walnut Bottom and Mount Sterling and White Rock (Envelope 203) (9 of 22)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Walnut Bottom and Mount Sterling and White Rock (Envelope 203) (10 of 22)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Walnut Bottom and Mount Sterling and White Rock (Envelope 203) (11 of 22)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Walnut Bottom and Mount Sterling and White Rock (Envelope 203) (12 of 22)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Walnut Bottom and Mount Sterling and White Rock (Envelope 203) (13 of 22)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '521 - Roaring Forks'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Walnut Bottom and Mount Sterling and White Rock (Envelope 203) (14 of 22)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Walnut Bottom and Mount Sterling and White Rock (Envelope 203) (15 of 22)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Walnut Bottom and Mount Sterling and White Rock (Envelope 203) (16 of 22)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Walnut Bottom and Mount Sterling and White Rock (Envelope 203) (17 of 22)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Walnut Bottom and Mount Sterling and White Rock (Envelope 203) (18 of 22)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Walnut Bottom and Mount Sterling and White Rock (Envelope 203) (19 of 22)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Walnut Bottom and Mount Sterling and White Rock (Envelope 203) (20 of 22)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Walnut Bottom and Mount Sterling and White Rock (Envelope 203) (21 of 22)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Walnut Bottom and Mount Sterling and White Rock (Envelope 203) (22 of 22)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Bald River Falls (Envelope 204) (1 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Bald River Falls (Envelope 204) (2 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Bald River Falls (Envelope 204) (3 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'State Line and Porter Flats (Envelope 205) (1 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'State Line and Porter Flats (Envelope 205) (2 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'State Line and Porter Flats (Envelope 205) (3 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'State Line and Porter Flats (Envelope 205) (4 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'State Line and Porter Flats (Envelope 205) (5 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'State Line and Porter Flats (Envelope 205) (6 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'State Line and Porter Flats (Envelope 205) (7 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'State Line and Porter Flats (Envelope 205) (8 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Miry Ridge (Envelope 206) (1 of 20)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Miry Ridge (Envelope 206) (2 of 20)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Miry Ridge (Envelope 206) (3 of 20)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Miry Ridge (Envelope 206) (4 of 20)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Miry Ridge (Envelope 206) (5 of 20)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Miry Ridge (Envelope 206) (6 of 20)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Miry Ridge (Envelope 206) (7 of 20)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Miry Ridge (Envelope 206) (8 of 20)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Miry Ridge (Envelope 206) (9 of 20)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Miry Ridge (Envelope 206) (10 of 20)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '522 - Turkey Springs'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Bridge across Tab Cat Creek after a Cloud Burst'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Miry Ridge (Envelope 206) (11 of 20)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Miry Ridge (Envelope 206) (12 of 20)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Miry Ridge (Envelope 206) (13 of 20)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Miry Ridge (Envelope 206) (14 of 20)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Miry Ridge (Envelope 206) (15 of 20)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Miry Ridge (Envelope 206) (16 of 20)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Miry Ridge (Envelope 206) (17 of 20)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Miry Ridge (Envelope 206) (18 of 20)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Miry Ridge (Envelope 206) (19 of 20)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Miry Ridge (Envelope 206) (20 of 20)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Annual Banquet and Look Rock (Envelope 207) (1 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Annual Banquet and Look Rock (Envelope 207) (2 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Annual Banquet and Look Rock (Envelope 207) (3 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Annual Banquet and Look Rock (Envelope 207) (4 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Annual Banquet and Look Rock (Envelope 207) (5 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Annual Banquet and Look Rock (Envelope 207) (6 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Greenbrier Cabin (Envelope 208) (1 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Greenbrier Cabin (Envelope 208) (2 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Greenbrier Cabin (Envelope 208) (3 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Blanket Mountain (Envelope 209) (1 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '523 - Charles Bunion'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Blanket Mountain (Envelope 209) (2 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Blanket Mountain (Envelope 209) (3 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Blanket Mountain (Envelope 209) (4 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Blanket Mountain (Envelope 209) (5 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Blanket Mountain (Envelope 209) (6 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Blanket Mountain (Envelope 209) (7 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Blanket Mountain (Envelope 209) (8 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Blanket Mountain (Envelope 209) (9 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Blanket Mountain (Envelope 209) (10 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Blanket Mountain (Envelope 209) (11 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound Gap American Forestry Association (Envelope 210) (1 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound Gap American Forestry Association (Envelope 210) (2 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound Gap American Forestry Association (Envelope 210) (3 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound Gap American Forestry Association (Envelope 210) (4 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Sugarland Mountain from Fighting Creek Gap (Envelope 211) (1 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Sugarland Mountain from Fighting Creek Gap (Envelope 211) (2 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Sugarland Mountain from Fighting Creek Gap (Envelope 211) (3 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Sugarland Mountain from Fighting Creek Gap (Envelope 211) (4 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Sugarland Mountain from Fighting Creek Gap (Envelope 211) (5 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Sugarland Mountain from Fighting Creek Gap (Envelope 211) (6 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Sugarland Mountain from Fighting Creek Gap (Envelope 211) (7 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Sugarland Mountain from Fighting Creek Gap (Envelope 211) (8 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Sugarland Mountain from Fighting Creek Gap (Envelope 211) (9 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cades Cove (Envelope 212) (1 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cades Cove (Envelope 212) (2 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Gregory Bald (Envelope 213) (1 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Gregory Bald (Envelope 213) (2 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Gregory Bald (Envelope 213) (3 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Gregory Bald (Envelope 213) (4 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Gregory Bald (Envelope 213) (5 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Gregory Bald (Envelope 213) (6 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Gregory Bald (Envelope 213) (7 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Gregory Bald (Envelope 213) (8 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Gregory Bald (Envelope 213) (9 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Gregory Bald (Envelope 213) (10 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Gregory Bald (Envelope 213) (11 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Gregory Bald (Envelope 213) (12 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Gregory Bald (Envelope 213) (13 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Citico Creek (Envelope 214) (1 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Citico Creek (Envelope 214) (2 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Citico Creek (Envelope 214) (3 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Citico Creek (Envelope 214) (4 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Citico Creek (Envelope 214) (5 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Citico Creek (Envelope 214) (6 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Bull Head over new trail (Envelope 215) (1 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Bull Head over new trail (Envelope 215) (2 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Bull Head over new trail (Envelope 215) (3 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Sugarland Mountain from Fighting Creek Gap (Envelope 216) (1 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Sugarland Mountain from Fighting Creek Gap (Envelope 216) (2 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Sugarland Mountain from Fighting Creek Gap (Envelope 216) (3 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Sugarland Mountain from Fighting Creek Gap (Envelope 216) (4 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Sugarland Mountain from Fighting Creek Gap (Envelope 216) (5 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hangover and Stratton Bald (Envelope 217) (1 of 19)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hangover and Stratton Bald (Envelope 217) (2 of 19)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hangover and Stratton Bald (Envelope 217) (3 of 19)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hangover and Stratton Bald (Envelope 217) (4 of 19)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hangover and Stratton Bald (Envelope 217) (5 of 19)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hangover and Stratton Bald (Envelope 217) (6 of 19)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hangover and Stratton Bald (Envelope 217) (7 of 19)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hangover and Stratton Bald (Envelope 217) (8 of 19)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '525 - Concord'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hangover and Stratton Bald (Envelope 217) (9 of 19)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hangover and Stratton Bald (Envelope 217) (10 of 19)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hangover and Stratton Bald (Envelope 217) (11 of 19)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hangover and Stratton Bald (Envelope 217) (12 of 19)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hangover and Stratton Bald (Envelope 217) (13 of 19)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hangover and Stratton Bald (Envelope 217) (14 of 19)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hangover and Stratton Bald (Envelope 217) (15 of 19)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hangover and Stratton Bald (Envelope 217) (16 of 19)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hangover and Stratton Bald (Envelope 217) (17 of 19)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hangover and Stratton Bald (Envelope 217) (18 of 19)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hangover and Stratton Bald (Envelope 217) (19 of 19)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Thunderhead and Russell Field (Envelope 217) (1 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Thunderhead and Russell Field (Envelope 217) (2 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Thunderhead and Russell Field (Envelope 217) (3 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hangover (Envelope 229) (1 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hangover (Envelope 229) (2 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hangover (Envelope 229) (3 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hangover (Envelope 229) (4 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hangover (Envelope 229) (5 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hangover (Envelope 229) (6 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '392-Cumberland Falls Ky.,'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hangover (Envelope 229) (7 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hangover (Envelope 229) (8 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hangover (Envelope 229) (9 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hangover (Envelope 229) (10 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hangover (Envelope 229) (11 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hangover (Envelope 229) (12 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Work trip at the Cabin (Envelope 230) (1 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Work trip at the Cabin (Envelope 230) (2 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Work trip at the Cabin (Envelope 230) (3 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Gregory and Russell Field (Envelope 231) (1 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Gregory and Russell Field (Envelope 231) (2 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Gregory and Russell Field (Envelope 231) (3 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Gregory and Russell Field (Envelope 231) (4 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Wilson and Wheeler Dam (Envelope 232)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Thunderhead and Russell Field (Envelope 218) (1 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Thunderhead and Russell Field (Envelope 218) (2 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Thunderhead and Russell Field (Envelope 218) (3 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Thunderhead and Russell Field (Envelope 218) (4 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Thunderhead and Russell Field (Envelope 218) (5 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Thunderhead and Russell Field (Envelope 218) (6 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Spruce Flats and Honey Cove (Envelope 219) (1 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Spruce Flats and Honey Cove (Envelope 219) (2 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Spruce Flats and Honey Cove (Envelope 219) (3 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Spruce Flats and Honey Cove (Envelope 219) (4 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Spruce Flats and Honey Cove (Envelope 219) (5 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Spruce Flats and Honey Cove (Envelope 219) (6 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Spruce Flats and Honey Cove (Envelope 219) (7 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Butt Mountain (Envelope 220) (1 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Butt Mountain (Envelope 220) (2 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'English Mountain (Envelope 221) (1 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': "527 - Johnson's Cook Out"}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'English Mountain (Envelope 221) (2 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'English Mountain (Envelope 221) (3 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'English Mountain (Envelope 221) (4 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'English Mountain (Envelope 221) (5 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'English Mountain (Envelope 221) (6 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'English Mountain (Envelope 221) (7 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'English Mountain (Envelope 221) (8 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'English Mountain (Envelope 221) (9 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'English Mountain (Envelope 221) (10 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'English Mountain (Envelope 221) (11 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Flag Pole in the Cumberland (Envelope 222)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Trail clearing Waterville to Snow Bird Mountain (Envelope 223) (1 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Trail clearing Waterville to Snow Bird Mountain (Envelope 223) (2 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Trail clearing Waterville to Snow Bird Mountain (Envelope 223) (3 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Trail clearing Waterville to Snow Bird Mountain (Envelope 223) (4 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cherokee National Forest and Benton Falls (Envelope 224) (1 of 16)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cherokee National Forest and Benton Falls (Envelope 224) (2 of 16)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cherokee National Forest and Benton Falls (Envelope 224) (3 of 16)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cherokee National Forest and Benton Falls (Envelope 224) (4 of 16)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cherokee National Forest and Benton Falls (Envelope 224) (5 of 16)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cherokee National Forest and Benton Falls (Envelope 224) (6 of 16)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cherokee National Forest and Benton Falls (Envelope 224) (7 of 16)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cherokee National Forest and Benton Falls (Envelope 224) (8 of 16)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cherokee National Forest and Benton Falls (Envelope 224) (9 of 16)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cherokee National Forest and Benton Falls (Envelope 224) (10 of 16)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cherokee National Forest and Benton Falls (Envelope 224) (11 of 16)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cherokee National Forest and Benton Falls (Envelope 224) (12 of 16)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cherokee National Forest and Benton Falls (Envelope 224) (13 of 16)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cherokee National Forest and Benton Falls (Envelope 224) (14 of 16)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cherokee National Forest and Benton Falls (Envelope 224) (15 of 16)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cherokee National Forest and Benton Falls (Envelope 224) (16 of 16)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Laurel Falls and Cove Mountain (Envelope 225) (1 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Laurel Falls and Cove Mountain (Envelope 225) (2 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Laurel Falls and Cove Mountain (Envelope 225) (3 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Laurel Falls and Cove Mountain (Envelope 225) (4 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Laurel Falls and Cove Mountain (Envelope 225) (5 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Greenbrier Cabin Trip (Envelope 226) (1 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Greenbrier Cabin Trip (Envelope 226) (2 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hangover Scout Trip (Envelope 227) (1 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hangover Scout Trip (Envelope 227) (2 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '528 - Vacation Camp. Cabin in the Brier'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hangover Scout Trip (Envelope 227) (3 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hangover Scout Trip (Envelope 227) (4 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hangover Scout Trip (Envelope 227) (5 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Thunderhead (Envelope 228) (1 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Thunderhead (Envelope 228) (2 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Thunderhead (Envelope 228) (3 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Thunderhead (Envelope 228) (4 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Thunderhead (Envelope 228) (5 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Thunderhead (Envelope 228) (6 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Thunderhead (Envelope 228) (7 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Thunderhead (Envelope 228) (8 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Thunderhead (Envelope 228) (9 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Thunderhead (Envelope 228) (10 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Thunderhead (Envelope 228) (11 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chimneys (Envelope 233) (1 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chimneys (Envelope 233) (2 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chimneys (Envelope 233) (3 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chimneys (Envelope 233) (4 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chimneys (Envelope 233) (5 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chimneys (Envelope 233) (6 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chimneys (Envelope 233) (7 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chimneys (Envelope 233) (8 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chimneys (Envelope 233) (9 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chimneys (Envelope 233) (10 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cabin in Brier (Envelope 234) (1 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cabin in Brier (Envelope 234) (2 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cabin in Brier (Envelope 234) (3 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cabin in Brier (Envelope 234) (4 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Brushy and LeConte (Envelope 235) (1 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Brushy and LeConte (Envelope 235) (2 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '529 - Labor Day in Cades Cove. Sunday 2- Abrams Falls. Monday 3- Gregory Bald, 1945 September 2-3'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cumberland Falls'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Brushy and LeConte (Envelope 235) (3 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Brushy and LeConte (Envelope 235) (4 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Brushy and LeConte (Envelope 235) (5 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Brushy and LeConte (Envelope 235) (6 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Brushy and LeConte (Envelope 235) (7 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Brushy and LeConte (Envelope 235) (8 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Brushy and LeConte (Envelope 235) (9 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Roan Mountain (Envelope 236) (1 of 18)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Roan Mountain (Envelope 236) (2 of 18)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Roan Mountain (Envelope 236) (3 of 18)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '529 - Abrams Falls, Gregory Bald. Labor Day in Cades Cove'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Roan Mountain (Envelope 236) (4 of 18)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Roan Mountain (Envelope 236) (5 of 18)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Roan Mountain (Envelope 236) (6 of 18)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Roan Mountain (Envelope 236) (7 of 18)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Roan Mountain (Envelope 236) (8 of 18)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Roan Mountain (Envelope 236) (9 of 18)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Roan Mountain (Envelope 236) (10 of 18)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Roan Mountain (Envelope 236) (11 of 18)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Roan Mountain (Envelope 236) (12 of 18)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Roan Mountain (Envelope 236) (13 of 18)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Roan Mountain (Envelope 236) (14 of 18)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Roan Mountain (Envelope 236) (15 of 18)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Roan Mountain (Envelope 236) (16 of 18)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Roan Mountain (Envelope 236) (17 of 18)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Roan Mountain (Envelope 236) (18 of 18)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound to Deal Gap (Envelope 237) (1 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound to Deal Gap (Envelope 237) (2 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound to Deal Gap (Envelope 237) (3 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound to Deal Gap (Envelope 237) (4 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound to Deal Gap (Envelope 237) (5 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound to Deal Gap (Envelope 237) (6 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound to Deal Gap (Envelope 237) (7 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Standing Indian (Envelope 238) (1 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Standing Indian (Envelope 238) (2 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Standing Indian (Envelope 238) (3 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Standing Indian (Envelope 238) (4 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Standing Indian (Envelope 238) (5 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Standing Indian (Envelope 238) (6 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Standing Indian (Envelope 238) (7 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Standing Indian (Envelope 238) (8 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Standing Indian (Envelope 238) (9 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Standing Indian (Envelope 238) (10 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Standing Indian (Envelope 238) (11 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Standing Indian (Envelope 238) (12 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 239) (1 of 22)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 239) (2 of 22)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 239) (3 of 22)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 239) (4 of 22)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 239) (5 of 22)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 239) (6 of 22)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 239) (7 of 22)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 239) (8 of 22)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 239) (9 of 22)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 239) (10 of 22)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 239) (11 of 22)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 239) (12 of 22)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 239) (13 of 22)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 239) (14 of 22)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 239) (15 of 22)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 239) (16 of 22)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 239) (17 of 22)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 239) (18 of 22)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 239) (19 of 22)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 239) (20 of 22)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 239) (21 of 22)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 239) (22 of 22)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 240) (1 of 27)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 240) (2 of 27)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 240) (3 of 27)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '530 - Carson Spring and English Mt.'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 240) (4 of 27)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 240) (5 of 27)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 240) (6 of 27)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 240) (7 of 27)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 240) (8 of 27)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 240) (9 of 27)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 240) (10 of 27)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 240) (11 of 27)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 240) (12 of 27)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 240) (13 of 27)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 240) (14 of 27)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 240) (15 of 27)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 240) (16 of 27)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 240) (17 of 27)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 240) (18 of 27)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 240) (19 of 27)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 240) (20 of 27)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 240) (21 of 27)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 240) (22 of 27)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 240) (23 of 27)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 240) (24 of 27)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 240) (25 of 27)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 240) (26 of 27)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 240) (27 of 27)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Haw Knob (Envelope 242) (1 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Haw Knob (Envelope 242) (2 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Haw Knob (Envelope 242) (3 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Haw Knob (Envelope 242) (4 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Haw Knob (Envelope 242) (5 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Haw Knob (Envelope 242) (6 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Rich Mt.'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Porters Flats and Dry Sluice Gap (Envelope 243) (1 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Porters Flats and Dry Sluice Gap (Envelope 243) (2 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Porters Flats and Dry Sluice Gap (Envelope 243) (3 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Porters Flats and Dry Sluice Gap (Envelope 243) (4 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Porters Flats and Dry Sluice Gap (Envelope 243) (5 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Porters Flats and Dry Sluice Gap (Envelope 243) (6 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 244) (1 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 244) (2 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 244) (3 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 244) (4 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 244) (5 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 244) (6 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 244) (7 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 244) (8 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 244) (9 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 244) (10 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 244) (11 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 244) (12 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 244) (13 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Greenbrier Pinnacle (Envelope 245) (1 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Greenbrier Pinnacle (Envelope 245) (2 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Greenbrier Pinnacle (Envelope 245) (3 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Greenbrier Pinnacle (Envelope 245) (4 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Greenbrier Pinnacle (Envelope 245) (5 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Greenbrier Pinnacle (Envelope 245) (6 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Greenbrier Pinnacle (Envelope 245) (7 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Greenbrier Pinnacle (Envelope 245) (8 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Greenbrier Pinnacle (Envelope 245) (9 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Greenbrier Pinnacle (Envelope 245) (10 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Greenbrier Pinnacle (Envelope 245) (11 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '531 - Special Trip. Wesser to Deal Gap'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Greenbrier Pinnacle (Envelope 245) (12 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 246) (1 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 246) (2 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 246) (3 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 246) (4 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 246) (5 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 246) (6 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 246) (7 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 246) (8 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 246) (9 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 246) (10 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 246) (11 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 246) (12 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound to Laurel to Over to Wooley Top (Envelope 247) (1 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound to Laurel to Over to Wooley Top (Envelope 247) (2 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound to Laurel to Over to Wooley Top (Envelope 247) (3 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound to Laurel to Over to Wooley Top (Envelope 247) (4 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound to Laurel to Over to Wooley Top (Envelope 247) (5 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound to Laurel to Over to Wooley Top (Envelope 247) (6 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound to Laurel to Over to Wooley Top (Envelope 247) (7 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound to Laurel to Over to Wooley Top (Envelope 247) (8 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound to Laurel to Over to Wooley Top (Envelope 247) (9 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound to Laurel to Over to Wooley Top (Envelope 247) (10 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound to Laurel to Over to Wooley Top (Envelope 247) (11 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound to Laurel to Over to Wooley Top (Envelope 247) (12 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Poplar Flats, Silers, and High Rock (Envelope 248) (1 of 26)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Poplar Flats, Silers, and High Rock (Envelope 248) (2 of 26)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Poplar Flats, Silers, and High Rock (Envelope 248) (3 of 26)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Poplar Flats, Silers, and High Rock (Envelope 248) (4 of 26)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Poplar Flats, Silers, and High Rock (Envelope 248) (5 of 26)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Poplar Flats, Silers, and High Rock (Envelope 248) (6 of 26)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Poplar Flats, Silers, and High Rock (Envelope 248) (7 of 26)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Poplar Flats, Silers, and High Rock (Envelope 248) (8 of 26)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Poplar Flats, Silers, and High Rock (Envelope 248) (9 of 26)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Poplar Flats, Silers, and High Rock (Envelope 248) (10 of 26)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Poplar Flats, Silers, and High Rock (Envelope 248) (11 of 26)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Poplar Flats, Silers, and High Rock (Envelope 248) (12 of 26)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Poplar Flats, Silers, and High Rock (Envelope 248) (13 of 26)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Poplar Flats, Silers, and High Rock (Envelope 248) (14 of 26)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Poplar Flats, Silers, and High Rock (Envelope 248) (15 of 26)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Poplar Flats, Silers, and High Rock (Envelope 248) (16 of 26)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Poplar Flats, Silers, and High Rock (Envelope 248) (17 of 26)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Poplar Flats, Silers, and High Rock (Envelope 248) (18 of 26)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Poplar Flats, Silers, and High Rock (Envelope 248) (19 of 26)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Poplar Flats, Silers, and High Rock (Envelope 248) (20 of 26)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Poplar Flats, Silers, and High Rock (Envelope 248) (21 of 26)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Poplar Flats, Silers, and High Rock (Envelope 248) (22 of 26)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Poplar Flats, Silers, and High Rock (Envelope 248) (23 of 26)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Poplar Flats, Silers, and High Rock (Envelope 248) (24 of 26)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Poplar Flats, Silers, and High Rock (Envelope 248) (25 of 26)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Poplar Flats, Silers, and High Rock (Envelope 248) (26 of 26)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 249) (1 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 249) (2 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 249) (3 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 249) (4 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 249) (5 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 249) (6 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 249) (7 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 249) (8 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 249) (9 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 249) (10 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 249) (11 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 249) (12 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 249) (13 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'House Mountain (Envelope 250) (1 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'House Mountain (Envelope 250) (2 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'House Mountain (Envelope 250) (3 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 251) (1 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 251) (2 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 251) (3 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 251) (4 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 251) (5 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 251) (6 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 251) (7 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 251) (8 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Arch Rock and Alum Cave (Envelope 252) (1 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Arch Rock and Alum Cave (Envelope 252) (2 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Arch Rock and Alum Cave (Envelope 252) (3 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Arch Rock and Alum Cave (Envelope 252) (4 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Arch Rock and Alum Cave (Envelope 252) (5 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Arch Rock and Alum Cave (Envelope 252) (6 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Clinch Mountain (Envelope 253) (1 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Clinch Mountain (Envelope 253) (2 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Clinch Mountain (Envelope 253) (3 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Bent Arm Ridge and Miry Ridge (Envelope 254) (1 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Bent Arm Ridge and Miry Ridge (Envelope 254) (2 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Bent Arm Ridge and Miry Ridge (Envelope 254) (3 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Bent Arm Ridge and Miry Ridge (Envelope 254) (4 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Bent Arm Ridge and Miry Ridge (Envelope 254) (5 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Bent Arm Ridge and Miry Ridge (Envelope 254) (6 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Bent Arm Ridge and Miry Ridge (Envelope 254) (7 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Bent Arm Ridge and Miry Ridge (Envelope 254) (8 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Bent Arm Ridge and Miry Ridge (Envelope 254) (9 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound Gap to Laurel Top (Envelope 255) (1 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound Gap to Laurel Top (Envelope 255) (2 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound Gap to Laurel Top (Envelope 255) (3 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound Gap to Laurel Top (Envelope 255) (4 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound Gap to Laurel Top (Envelope 255) (5 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound Gap to Laurel Top (Envelope 255) (6 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound Gap to Laurel Top (Envelope 255) (7 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '532 - Special work trip to Cabin in Brier'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound Gap to Laurel Top (Envelope 255) (8 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound Gap to Laurel Top (Envelope 255) (9 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound Gap to Laurel Top (Envelope 255) (10 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound Gap to Laurel Top (Envelope 255) (11 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound Gap to Laurel Top (Envelope 255) (12 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound Gap to Laurel Top (Envelope 255) (13 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Big Ridge Park and Norris Dam (Envelope 256) (1 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Big Ridge Park and Norris Dam (Envelope 256) (2 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Big Ridge Park and Norris Dam (Envelope 256) (3 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Big Ridge Park and Norris Dam (Envelope 256) (4 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Big Ridge Park and Norris Dam (Envelope 256) (5 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Big Ridge Park and Norris Dam (Envelope 256) (6 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Big Ridge Park and Norris Dam (Envelope 256) (7 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hall Cabin Site by Tremont (Envelope 257) (1 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hall Cabin Site by Tremont (Envelope 257) (2 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hall Cabin Site by Tremont (Envelope 257) (3 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hall Cabin Site by Tremont (Envelope 257) (4 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hall Cabin Site by Tremont (Envelope 257) (5 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 258) (1 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 258) (2 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 258) (3 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 258) (4 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Little Fodder Stack (Envelope 259) (1 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Little Fodder Stack (Envelope 259) (2 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Little Fodder Stack (Envelope 259) (3 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Little Fodder Stack (Envelope 259) (4 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Little Fodder Stack (Envelope 259) (5 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Little Fodder Stack (Envelope 259) (6 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Little Fodder Stack (Envelope 259) (7 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Little Fodder Stack (Envelope 259) (8 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Little Fodder Stack (Envelope 259) (9 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Little Fodder Stack (Envelope 259) (10 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Little Fodder Stack (Envelope 259) (11 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Little Fodder Stack (Envelope 259) (12 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Little Fodder Stack (Envelope 259) (13 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'White Rock (Envelope 260) (1 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'White Rock (Envelope 260) (2 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'White Rock (Envelope 260) (3 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'White Rock (Envelope 260) (4 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'White Rock (Envelope 260) (5 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '534 - Blanket Mt.'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'White Rock (Envelope 260) (6 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'White Rock (Envelope 260) (7 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'White Rock (Envelope 260) (8 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'White Rock (Envelope 260) (9 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 261) (1 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 261) (2 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 261) (3 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 261) (4 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 261) (5 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 261) (6 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 261) (7 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 261) (8 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 261) (9 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Rich Mountain (Envelope 262) (1 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Rich Mountain (Envelope 262) (2 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Rich Mountain (Envelope 262) (3 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Rich Mountain (Envelope 262) (4 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Rich Mountain (Envelope 262) (5 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Rich Mountain (Envelope 262) (6 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Rich Mountain (Envelope 262) (7 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Rich Mountain (Envelope 262) (8 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound Gap to Davenport Gap (Envelope 263) (1 of 23)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound Gap to Davenport Gap (Envelope 263) (2 of 23)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound Gap to Davenport Gap (Envelope 263) (3 of 23)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound Gap to Davenport Gap (Envelope 263) (4 of 23)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound Gap to Davenport Gap (Envelope 263) (5 of 23)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound Gap to Davenport Gap (Envelope 263) (6 of 23)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound Gap to Davenport Gap (Envelope 263) (7 of 23)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound Gap to Davenport Gap (Envelope 263) (8 of 23)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound Gap to Davenport Gap (Envelope 263) (9 of 23)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound Gap to Davenport Gap (Envelope 263) (10 of 23)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound Gap to Davenport Gap (Envelope 263) (11 of 23)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound Gap to Davenport Gap (Envelope 263) (12 of 23)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound Gap to Davenport Gap (Envelope 263) (13 of 23)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound Gap to Davenport Gap (Envelope 263) (14 of 23)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound Gap to Davenport Gap (Envelope 263) (15 of 23)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound Gap to Davenport Gap (Envelope 263) (16 of 23)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound Gap to Davenport Gap (Envelope 263) (17 of 23)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound Gap to Davenport Gap (Envelope 263) (18 of 23)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound Gap to Davenport Gap (Envelope 263) (19 of 23)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '535 - Snake Den Mt. Trail'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound Gap to Davenport Gap (Envelope 263) (20 of 23)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound Gap to Davenport Gap (Envelope 263) (21 of 23)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound Gap to Davenport Gap (Envelope 263) (22 of 23)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound Gap to Davenport Gap (Envelope 263) (23 of 23)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Sugarland Mountain (Envelope 264) (1 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Sugarland Mountain (Envelope 264) (2 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Sugarland Mountain (Envelope 264) (3 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Road Prong and Indian Gap (Envelope 265) (1 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Road Prong and Indian Gap (Envelope 265) (2 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Road Prong and Indian Gap (Envelope 265) (3 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Road Prong and Indian Gap (Envelope 265) (4 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Road Prong and Indian Gap (Envelope 265) (5 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Road Prong and Indian Gap (Envelope 265) (6 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Road Prong and Indian Gap (Envelope 265) (7 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Road Prong and Indian Gap (Envelope 265) (8 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Road Prong and Indian Gap (Envelope 265) (9 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Road Prong and Indian Gap (Envelope 265) (10 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Indian Gap by Road Prong (Envelope 266) (1 of 3 )'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Indian Gap by Road Prong (Envelope 266) (2 of 3 )'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Indian Gap by Road Prong (Envelope 266) (3 of 3 )'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '536 - Laurel Falls and Cove Mt.'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Brushy (Envelope 267) (1 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Brushy (Envelope 267) (2 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Brushy (Envelope 267) (3 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Brushy (Envelope 267) (4 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Brushy (Envelope 267) (5 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Brushy (Envelope 267) (6 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Brushy (Envelope 267) (7 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Arch Rock (Envelope 268) (1 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Arch Rock (Envelope 268) (2 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Arch Rock (Envelope 268) (3 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Arch Rock (Envelope 268) (4 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 269) (1 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 269) (2 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 269) (3 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 269) (4 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 269) (5 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 269) (6 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 269) (7 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 269) (8 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 269) (9 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 269) (10 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 269) (11 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 269) (12 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hall Top (Envelope 270) (1 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hall Top (Envelope 270) (2 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hall Top (Envelope 270) (3 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hall Top (Envelope 270) (4 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hall Top (Envelope 270) (5 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hall Top (Envelope 270) (6 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hall Top (Envelope 270) (7 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '537 - Road Prong and Mt. Mingus'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hall Top (Envelope 270) (8 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Miry Ridge (Envelope 271) (1 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Miry Ridge (Envelope 271) (2 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Miry Ridge (Envelope 271) (3 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Miry Ridge (Envelope 271) (4 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Miry Ridge (Envelope 271) (5 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Miry Ridge (Envelope 271) (6 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Dupont Spring (Envelope 272) (1 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Dupont Spring (Envelope 272) (2 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Dupont Spring (Envelope 272) (3 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 273) (1 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 273) (2 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 273) (3 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 273) (4 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 273) (5 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 273) (6 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 274) (1 of 16)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 274) (2 of 16)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 274) (3 of 16)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 274) (4 of 16)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 274) (5 of 16)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 274) (6 of 16)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 274) (7 of 16)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 274) (8 of 16)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 274) (9 of 16)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 274) (10 of 16)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 274) (11 of 16)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 274) (12 of 16)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 274) (13 of 16)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 274) (14 of 16)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 274) (15 of 16)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 274) (16 of 16)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Trail Clearing at the Appalachian Trail (Envelope 275) (1 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Trail Clearing at the Appalachian Trail (Envelope 275) (3 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 276) (1 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 276) (2 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 276) (3 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 276) (4 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 276) (5 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 276) (6 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '411-Special. Rainbow Falls'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 276) (7 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 276) (8 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 276) (9 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 276) (10 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 276) (11 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Fall Creek Falls (Envelope 277) (1 of 22)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Fall Creek Falls (Envelope 277) (2 of 22)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Fall Creek Falls (Envelope 277) (3 of 22)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Fall Creek Falls (Envelope 277) (4 of 22)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Fall Creek Falls (Envelope 277) (5 of 22)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '538 - Hall Top'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Fall Creek Falls (Envelope 277) (6 of 22)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Fall Creek Falls (Envelope 277) (7 of 22)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Fall Creek Falls (Envelope 277) (8 of 22)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Fall Creek Falls (Envelope 277) (9 of 22)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Fall Creek Falls (Envelope 277) (10 of 22)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Fall Creek Falls (Envelope 277) (11 of 22)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Fall Creek Falls (Envelope 277) (12 of 22)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Fall Creek Falls (Envelope 277) (13 of 22)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Fall Creek Falls (Envelope 277) (14 of 22)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Fall Creek Falls (Envelope 277) (15 of 22)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '539 - Andrew Bald'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Fall Creek Falls (Envelope 277) (16 of 22)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Fall Creek Falls (Envelope 277) (17 of 22)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Fall Creek Falls (Envelope 277) (18 of 22)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Fall Creek Falls (Envelope 277) (19 of 22)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Fall Creek Falls (Envelope 277) (20 of 22)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Fall Creek Falls (Envelope 277) (21 of 22)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Fall Creek Falls (Envelope 277) (22 of 22)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 279) (1 of 16)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 279) (2 of 16)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 279) (3 of 16)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 279) (4 of 16)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 279) (5 of 16)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 279) (6 of 16)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 279) (7 of 16)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 279) (8 of 16)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 279) (9 of 16)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 279) (10 of 16)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 279) (11 of 16)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 279) (12 of 16)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 279) (13 of 16)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 279) (14 of 16)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 279) (15 of 16)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 279) (16 of 16)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Whittles Home Easter Sunday (Envelope 280) (1 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Whittles Home Easter Sunday (Envelope 280) (2 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Whittles Home Easter Sunday (Envelope 280) (3 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cabin in the Brier (Envelope 281) (1 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cabin in the Brier (Envelope 281) (2 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Big Ridge Park (Envelope 282) (1 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Big Ridge Park (Envelope 282) (2 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Big Ridge Park (Envelope 282) (3 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Little Snow Bird (Envelope 283) (1 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Little Snow Bird (Envelope 283) (2 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Little Snow Bird (Envelope 283) (3 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Little Snow Bird (Envelope 283) (4 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Little Snow Bird (Envelope 283) (5 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Little Snow Bird (Envelope 283) (6 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Little Snow Bird (Envelope 283) (7 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Little Snow Bird (Envelope 283) (8 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Little Snow Bird (Envelope 283) (9 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Little Snow Bird (Envelope 283) (10 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 284) (1 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 284) (2 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 284) (3 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 284) (4 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 284) (5 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 284) (6 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 284) (7 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 284) (8 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 284) (9 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 284) (10 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 284) (11 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte by Newfound Gap (Envelope 285) (1 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte by Newfound Gap (Envelope 285) (2 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte by Newfound Gap (Envelope 285) (3 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte by Newfound Gap (Envelope 285) (4 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cabin in Brier (Envelope 286) (1 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cabin in Brier (Envelope 286) (2 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Alum Cave and Arch Rock (Envelope 287) (1 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Alum Cave and Arch Rock (Envelope 287) (2 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '540 - Scouting trip to Rich Mt.'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Alum Cave and Arch Rock (Envelope 287) (3 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Alum Cave and Arch Rock (Envelope 287) (4 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Alum Cave and Arch Rock (Envelope 287) (5 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Ramsey Falls and Cascades (Envelope 288) (1 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Ramsey Falls and Cascades (Envelope 288) (2 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Ramsey Falls and Cascades (Envelope 288) (3 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Ramsey Falls and Cascades (Envelope 288) (4 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Ramsey Falls and Cascades (Envelope 288) (5 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Ramsey Falls and Cascades (Envelope 288) (6 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Ramsey Falls and Cascades (Envelope 288) (7 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '541 - Cabin Work Trip'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte (Envelope 289) (1 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte (Envelope 289) (2 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte (Envelope 289) (3 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte (Envelope 289) (4 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte (Envelope 289) (5 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte (Envelope 289) (6 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte (Envelope 289) (7 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Three Forks (Envelope 290) (1 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Three Forks (Envelope 290) (2 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Three Forks (Envelope 290) (3 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Three Forks (Envelope 290) (4 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Three Forks (Envelope 290) (5 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Three Forks (Envelope 290) (6 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Three Forks (Envelope 290) (7 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Four Club Meet at John Rock Camp (Envelope 291) (1 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Four Club Meet at John Rock Camp (Envelope 291) (2 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Four Club Meet at John Rock Camp (Envelope 291) (3 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Four Club Meet at John Rock Camp (Envelope 291) (4 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Four Club Meet at John Rock Camp (Envelope 291) (5 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Four Club Meet at John Rock Camp (Envelope 291) (6 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Four Club Meet at John Rock Camp (Envelope 291) (7 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Four Club Meet at John Rock Camp (Envelope 291) (8 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Four Club Meet at John Rock Camp (Envelope 291) (9 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Four Club Meet at John Rock Camp (Envelope 291) (10 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Four Club Meet at John Rock Camp (Envelope 291) (11 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Four Club Meet at John Rock Camp (Envelope 291) (12 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Four Club Meet at John Rock Camp (Envelope 291) (13 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'The Chimneys (Envelope 322) (2 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Snow on house & river, mtns, train wreck- Ever Rd & Westland Dr, Church lot'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Floor High Water, River frozen over, 10 below zero (6+ inches of snow) Sonny and Charles (6 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '542 - Trail Clearing'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'English Mountain (Envelope 305) (14 of 17)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hangover (Envelope 375) (4 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Smoky Mountain Landscapes [Envelope identifies subjects as: Cabin, 1939 April 29-30, LeConte Orchard 1933 Dec. 2-3, 1930] [Prints in Box 33, Folder 39] (15 of 24)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Smoky Mountain Landscapes [Envelope identifies subjects as: Cabin, 1939 April 29-30, LeConte Orchard 1933 Dec. 2-3, 1930] [Prints in Box 33, Folder 39] (7 of 24)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'King College [Prints in Box 33, Folder 10] (14 of 18)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cumberland Falls Kentucky (Envelope 392) (1 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Scouting Trip -- Hooper Bald and Wiggs Cabin Site (Envelope 342) (9 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound Gap to Deal Gap (Envelope 321) (14 of 23)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Painting the house, birthday party [Prints in Box 33, Folder 21] (2 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hangover (Envelope 375) (5 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '543 - Mt. Cammerer'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Andrews Bald to Deep Creek (Envelope 371) (5 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscapes'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mount LeConte (Envelope 334) (1 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Smoky Mountain Landscapes [Envelope identifies subjects as: Cabin, 1939 April 29-30, LeConte Orchard 1933 Dec. 2-3, 1930] [Prints in Box 33, Folder 39] (16 of 24)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Washington D.C. (9 of 15)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hikes, Landscapes (42 of 53)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Miscellaneous negatives (6 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Smoky Mountain Landscapes [Envelope identifies subjects as: Cabin, 1939 April 29-30, LeConte Orchard 1933 Dec. 2-3, 1930] [Prints in Box 33, Folder 39] (21 of 24)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Abrams Falls (Envelope 331) (11 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscape and Group shots [Prints in Box 34, Folder 4] (20 of 30)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Andrews Bald to Deep Creek (Envelope 371) (10 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Appalachian Trail to Clingman from Newfound Gap (Envelope 352) (2 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Blount County Court, Group Shots (2 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, family, cannons, landscapes'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Picnic [Prints in Box 33, Folder 2] (2 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled couple (2 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'At Montreat and Black Mountain North Carolina visiting Dr. and Mrs. I. M. Ellis [Prints in Box 33, Folder 16] (8 of 15)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Charles and Sara Long, Mary Ellen new home, Charles and the snow (5 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '544 - Trail Clearing'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': "Mother's Day, Mother's Birthday (2 of 3)"}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscapes and group shots (49 of 52)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Thanksgiving, Pickett St. Park'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound Gap to Deal Gap (Envelope 321) (4 of 23)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscape and Group shots [Prints in Box 34, Folder 4] (27 of 30)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound Gap to Deal Gap (Envelope 321) (12 of 23)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Groupshots, Mary Watrous [Prints in Box 33, Folder 25] (14 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound Gap to Deal Gap (Envelope 321) (2 of 23)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Greenbrier to State Line to Round Bottom (Envelope 365) (5 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled group and individual shots'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': "Welsh Picnic, Labor Day, Group here, me on Charles' Bicycle, Marion and Hugh, Mother and Dad, the House [Prints in Box 33, Folder 4] (6 of 10)"}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Landscape, Picnic, Xmas'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Joyce Kilmer Forest (Envelope 340) (7 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mount LeConte (Envelope 334) (7 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Lake, Weenie Roast [Prints in Box 34, Folder 29] (2 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': "Old Mill at Pigeon Forge, High Waters, Welsh Picnic, Charles Birthday and Sonny's [Prints located in Box 33, Folder 22] (4 of 8)"}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hikes, Landscapes (46 of 53)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Round Top Mystery Hike (Envelope 379) (3 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Abrams Falls (Envelope 370) (6 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound Gap to Deal Gap (Envelope 321) (17 of 23)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled negatives'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Lake (23 of 24)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mount Mingus (Envelope 367) (5 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'The Turtons and the Colliers, Sonny Wilma and Charles Allen in Costumes [Prints in Box 33, Folder 5] (8 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Gatlinburg, 1925 [Prints in Box 33, Folder 30] (2 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '545 - Spence Field and Russell [Field]'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mountain Landscape, Groupshots [Prints in Box 34, Folder 6] (1 of 16)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Sand Cave and White Rock Virginia (Envelope 374) (1 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound Gap to Little Indian Gap Shelter (Envelope 409) (1 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Wellstone Gap and Dupont Springs (Envelope 381) (14 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscapes and group shots (35 of 52)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': "Welsh Picnic at the Nielsons, Senior Hikers Reunion at Marshal Wilson's Lodge (2 of 6)"}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hiwassee Dam (Envelope 318) (10 of 16)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': "View from Yard of Mtn; View of Mtn from Mrs. Lewis' home"}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Horse, Woman (2 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hikes, Landscapes (27 of 53)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'King College [Prints in Box 33, Folder 10] (17 of 18)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Kerbela, Baseball game [Prints in Box 33, Folder 33] (14 of 25)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Gold Rush Junction (4 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Appalachian Trail Conference at Gatlinburg Hike to Alum Cave and Laurel Falls (Envelope 325) (2 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscape'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untited, Portrait of three people'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled (Envelope 332) (1 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Beaverdam Bald (Envelope 328) (1 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Picnic [Prints in Box 33, Folder 2] (6 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cabin and Brushy (Envelope 320) (9 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Spruce Mountain and Mount Sterling (Envelope 403) (6 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'The Turtons and the Colliers, Sonny Wilma and Charles Allen in Costumes [Prints in Box 33, Folder 5] (7 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Old Grandma Harrison Home Loudon, Tennessee (3 of 26)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cabin and Brushy (Envelope 320) (1 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled boy on motorcycle'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'English Mountain (Envelope 305) (4 of 17)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Abrams Falls (Envelope 331) (13 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound Gap to Deal Gap (Envelope 321) (20 of 23)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Benton Falls (Envelope 350) (12 of 17)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Roaring Forks (Envelope 314) (3 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, woman'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Low Gap and Snake Den Mountain (Envelope 383) (8 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Anakeesta Knob (Envelope 380) (9 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'House Mountain (Envelope 313) (1 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Gold Rush Junction (6 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled pics of dam'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Bachman Home, Cleveland Tennessee (4 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscape and Group shots [Prints in Box 34, Folder 4] (16 of 30)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Abrams Falls (Envelope 370) (8 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chilhowee Dam (6 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Charles A. Roth, Margaret A. Roth and Halloween (6 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled group'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'The Old Ramsey House (7 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Charles Albert Roth'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '547 - Ramsey Falls'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscapes and group shots (41 of 52)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': "Junkle Brook and along Junkle Brook Road, Maggie and Lib, Reunion at Catherine Anderson's, Dad and Sonny [Prints in Box 33, Folder 12] (18 of 26)"}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Good Snow Scenes [Prints in Box 33, Folder 7] (1 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Appalachian Trail Conference at Gatlinburg Hike to Alum Cave and Laurel Falls (Envelope 325) (9 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Washington Capital (5 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Athens, Tennessee, Easter Sunday [Prints in Box 33, Folder 14] (2 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Woman in bathing suit'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Sand Cave and White Rock Virginia (Envelope 374) (8 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Snow - 10 in Mountains and House (3 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Spruce Mountain and Mount Sterling (Envelope 403) (5 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Backyard'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Charlies Bunion from Greebrier (Envelope 353) (13 of 15)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'English Mountain (Envelope 305) (7 of 17)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'King College [Prints in Box 33, Folder 10] (6 of 18)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Miscellaneous Waterways and Dams [Prints in Box 34, Folder 9] (6 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled hike (9 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'English Mountain (Envelope 305) (3 of 17)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Wigs Cabin Site and Hooper Bald (Envelope 358) (4 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Fighting Creek Gap to Laurel Falls (Envelope 355) (6 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Group of H club members at Frozzells'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Wigs Cabin Site and Hooper Bald (Envelope 358) (7 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Charlies Bunion (Envelope 319) (7 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled hike (3 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Group from church [Prints in Box 33, Folder 11] (4 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': "Snow, Old Mill at Pigeon Forge, Sonny's New Home [Prints in Box 33, Folder 19] (5 of 7)"}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 310) (11 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': "Welsh Picnic, Labor Day, Group here, me on Charles' Bicycle, Marion and Hugh, Mother and Dad, the House [Prints in Box 33, Folder 4] (4 of 10)"}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Christmas (2 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': "Welsh Picnic, Labor Day, Group here, me on Charles' Bicycle, Marion and Hugh, Mother and Dad, the House [Prints in Box 33, Folder 4] (3 of 10)"}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Lake (10 of 24)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Greenbrier Pinnacle (Envelope 345) (2 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Washington D.C. (6 of 15)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Andrews Bald to Deep Creek (Envelope 371) (2 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Cabins'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Richland Balsam Mountain (Envelope 391) (10 of 17)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscape and Group shots [Prints in Box 34, Folder 4] (4 of 30)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Ramsey Falls, Cades Cove, Abrams Falls'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Elkmont to Clingman Dome (Envelope 349) (4 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'At Montreat and Black Mountain North Carolina visiting Dr. and Mrs. I. M. Ellis [Prints in Box 33, Folder 16] (9 of 15)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscapes and group shots (16 of 52)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'McLean Rock Mystery Hike (Envelope 348) (4 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Fish Fry (Envelope 398) (3 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Charlies Bunion from Greebrier (Envelope 353) (10 of 15)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '548 - Cabin in Brier'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Synodical Training School, Reception at Youth Center, Group of Officers [Prints in Box 33, Folder 18] (3 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Andrews Bald to Deep Creek (Envelope 371) (9 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Fall Creek Falls (Envelope 354) (9 of 21)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscape and Group shots [Prints in Box 34, Folder 4] (29 of 30)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Spruce Mountain and Mount Sterling (Envelope 403) (11 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Mtn. Landscape'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'River, Blackie - Snow (4 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscapes and group shots (44 of 52)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Groupshots, Mary Watrous [Prints in Box 33, Folder 25] (12 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Kerbela, Baseball game [Prints in Box 33, Folder 33] (15 of 25)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'The Chimneys (Envelope 322) (9 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Lake (17 of 24)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Miscellaneous Waterways and Dams [Prints in Box 34, Folder 9] (2 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Snow - 10 in Mountains and House (4 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chilhowee Dam (2 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Road Prong and Mount Mingus (Envelope 307) (4 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Gregory Bald to East Gap (Envelope 324) (3 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Two mushrooms'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Fall Creek Falls (Envelope 354) (2 of 21)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': "Junkle Brook and along Junkle Brook Road, Maggie and Lib, Reunion at Catherine Anderson's, Dad and Sonny [Prints in Box 33, Folder 12] (7 of 26)"}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Richland Balsam Mountain (Envelope 391) (16 of 17)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Lake (11 of 24)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Little River to School House Gap (Envelope 347) (3 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled hike (4 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Kerbela, Baseball game [Prints in Box 33, Folder 33] (24 of 25)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Spence Field and Block House (Envelope 388) (5 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte (Envelope 372) (5 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Lake (3 of 24)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cross Mountain flag pole and Norris Dam at low water (Envelope 408) (4 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Wellstone Gap and Dupont Springs (Envelope 381) (8 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Gold Rush Junction (7 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Miscellaneous Dams, Construction [Print in Box 34, Folder 26] (3 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 308) (7 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Fall Creek Falls (Envelope 354) (4 of 21)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Abrams Falls (Negatives 28-35 inclusive and 62-66) (6 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': "Welsh Picnic at the Nielsons, Senior Hikers Reunion at Marshal Wilson's Lodge (5 of 6)"}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled negatives [Prints in Box 33, Folder 35] (1 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Clingman Dome to Silers (Envelope 384) (7 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Scouting Trip -- Hooper Bald and Wiggs Cabin Site (Envelope 342) (11 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Gold Rush Junction (8 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hikes, Landscapes (40 of 53)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Stiners Dock (Envelope 335) (5 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'King College [Prints in Box 33, Folder 10] (9 of 18)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hiwassee Dam (Envelope 318) (12 of 16)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Fall Creek Falls (Envelope 354) (1 of 21)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'The Welsh picnic at the bug eaten church, 100 degrees in shade, Mary Allen and Ann Thomas (1 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Greenbrier Pinnacle (Envelope 345) (7 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': "Junkle Brook and along Junkle Brook Road, Maggie and Lib, Reunion at Catherine Anderson's, Dad and Sonny [Prints in Box 33, Folder 12] (1 of 26)"}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': "Junkle Brook and along Junkle Brook Road, Maggie and Lib, Reunion at Catherine Anderson's, Dad and Sonny [Prints in Box 33, Folder 12] (13 of 26)"}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hall Top (Envelope 410) (2 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled hike (10 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Charles Allen Linhocker (2 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Kerbela, Baseball game [Prints in Box 33, Folder 33] (21 of 25)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Beaverdam Bald (Envelope 328) (6 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'At Montreat and Black Mountain North Carolina visiting Dr. and Mrs. I. M. Ellis [Prints in Box 33, Folder 16] (14 of 15)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Charles Allen Roth on bulldozer and the bridge [Prints in Box 33, Folder 6] (5 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Smoky Mountain Landscapes [Envelope identifies subjects as: Cabin, 1939 April 29-30, LeConte Orchard 1933 Dec. 2-3, 1930] [Prints in Box 33, Folder 39] (10 of 24)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Westminster Presbyterian Church, Sequoyah Hills Presbyterian, Lyons View Presbyterian, Old Mill at Pigeon Forge, Reverand Siedentopf, Puzzle (8 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscapes and group shots (40 of 52)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'House Mountain [Prints in Box 33, Folder 34] (6 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Scouting Trip -- Hooper Bald and Wiggs Cabin Site (Envelope 342) (4 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Westminster Presbyterian Church, Sequoyah Hills Presbyterian, Lyons View Presbyterian, Old Mill at Pigeon Forge, Reverand Siedentopf, Puzzle (4 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'McLean Rock Mystery Hike (Envelope 348) (12 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Miscellaneous Dams, Construction [Print in Box 34, Folder 26] (1 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Clingman Dome to Silers (Envelope 384) (5 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Pag Prophy, Church [Prints located in Box 33 Folder 13] (3 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Low Gap and Snake Den Mountain (Envelope 383) (3 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Jones Chapel (Envelope 329) (4 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 308) (9 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cumberland Fall Kentucky (Envelope 399) (7 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cabin in Brier (Envelope 315) (7 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound to Davenport Gap (Envelope 326) (7 of 18)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mountain Landscape, Groupshots [Prints in Box 34, Folder 6] (12 of 16)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'New Church (7 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Ramsey Falls (Envelope 368) (1 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte by Brushy down Alum Cave (Envelope 395) (6 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Christmas (1 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Clingman Dome to Deal Gap (Envelope 361) (4 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Gold Rush Junction (5 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Clingman Dome to Silers (Envelope 384) (4 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscapes [Prints in Box 34, Folder 2] (3 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound to Clingman Dome and along Newfound Gap Highway (Envelope 327) (3 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Sonny and Charles Allen at Newfound Gap, Christmas Tree, Charles Allen, snow on pinnacle (2 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Charlies Bunion from Greebrier (Envelope 353) (6 of 15)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Christmas Eve, Day, Charles A. Roth, Mother and Dad (6 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Anakeesta Knob (Envelope 380) (10 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mars Hill Prebyterian Church, Athens Tennessee - Founded 1873 (3 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Labor Day, Charles in football uniform, Charles washing football pants, new sign in old cemetery down at bridge (3 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Lake (1 of 24)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hikes, Landscapes (29 of 53)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Old Grandma Harrison Home Loudon, Tennessee (21 of 26)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Welch Picnic (1 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'The Chimneys (Envelope 322) (7 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hikes, Landscapes (13 of 53)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chilhowee Dam (7 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Charlies Bunion from Greebrier (Envelope 353) (7 of 15)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': "Junkle Brook and along Junkle Brook Road, Maggie and Lib, Reunion at Catherine Anderson's, Dad and Sonny [Prints in Box 33, Folder 12] (20 of 26)"}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Richland Balsam Mountain (Envelope 391) (7 of 17)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Good Snow Scenes [Prints in Box 33, Folder 7] (8 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Greenbrier Pinnacle (Envelope 345) (5 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound Gap to Little Indian Gap Shelter (Envelope 409) (4 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': "Junkle Brook and along Junkle Brook Road, Maggie and Lib, Reunion at Catherine Anderson's, Dad and Sonny [Prints in Box 33, Folder 12] (14 of 26)"}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'McLean Rock Mystery Hike (Envelope 348) (7 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'King College [Prints in Box 33, Folder 10] (8 of 18)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Clingman Dome to Silers (Envelope 384) (2 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hikes, Landscapes (21 of 53)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound to Davenport Gap (Envelope 326) (12 of 18)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Abrams Falls (Negatives 28-35 inclusive and 62-66) (2 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Wellstone Gap and Dupont Springs (Envelope 381) (7 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Old Grandma Harrison Home Loudon, Tennessee (4 of 26)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Ramsey Falls (Envelope 368) (7 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Laurel Creek Canyon and Cumberland Mountain (Envelope 338) (6 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Washington Capital (11 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Wellstone Gap and Dupont Springs (Envelope 381) (2 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Bull Run steam plant, Uncle Howard, our new car (Plymouth) and Old Ford (7 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Abrams Falls (Negatives 28-35 inclusive and 62-66) (4 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hiwassee Dam (Envelope 318) (4 of 16)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Richland Balsam Mountain (Envelope 391) (14 of 17)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Appalachian Trail Conference at Gatlinburg Hike to Alum Cave and Laurel Falls (Envelope 325) (1 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Benton Falls (Envelope 350) (9 of 17)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Ramsey Falls (Envelope 368) (2 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Sand Cave and White Rock Virginia (Envelope 374) (4 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Benton Falls (Envelope 350) (7 of 17)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte by Brushy down Alum Cave (Envelope 395) (1 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Group from church (6 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cumberland Fall Kentucky (Envelope 399) (5 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Thunderhead from Tremont (Envelope 356) (1 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Thanksgiving, Pickett St. Park, Charles A. Roth II'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Horse (11 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscapes and group shots (11 of 52)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'North Carolina (Envelope 363) (1 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscapes [Prints in Box 34, Folder 2] (2 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Groupshots, Mary Watrous [Prints in Box 33, Folder 25] (8 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 310) (9 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Richland Balsam Mountain (Envelope 391) (12 of 17)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Group from church (3 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cabin and Nature Hike up Kalanu Fork (Envelope 389) (2 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound to Davenport Gap (Envelope 326) (11 of 18)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cove Mountain and Mount Harrison (Envelope 346) (1 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Charlies Bunion from Greebrier (Envelope 353) (5 of 15)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Buildings in Mountains (2 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': "Junkle Brook and along Junkle Brook Road, Maggie and Lib, Reunion at Catherine Anderson's, Dad and Sonny [Prints in Box 33, Folder 12] (5 of 26)"}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound Gap to Deal Gap (Envelope 321) (1 of 23)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Piney Creek Gorge (Envelope 343) (8 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Kerbela, Baseball game [Prints in Box 33, Folder 33] (19 of 25)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hangover (Envelope 375) (1 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Horse (8 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscapes and group shots (12 of 52)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Fall Creek Falls (Envelope 354) (11 of 21)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 308) (3 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'McLean Rock Mystery Hike (Envelope 348) (9 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Abrams Falls (Negatives 28-35 inclusive and 62-66) (9 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Laurel Creek and Webb Mountain (Envelope 378) (4 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Maggie, the falling down bridge, Charles, Wilma, Charles Allen and I, Fred Ramsey on bridge (1 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Lake (14 of 24)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'At Montreat and Black Mountain North Carolina visiting Dr. and Mrs. I. M. Ellis [Prints in Box 33, Folder 16] (10 of 15)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Fall Creek Falls (Envelope 354) (3 of 21)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Abrams Falls (Envelope 386) (1 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Fall Creek Falls (Envelope 354) (15 of 21)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cumberland Falls Kentucky (Envelope 392) (3 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chattanooga Tennessee, cabin, house being torn down (9 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Roan Mountain (Envelope 364) (4 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Two women (2 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Piney Creek Gorge (Envelope 343) (2 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chilhowee Dam (5 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Abrams Falls (Envelope 331) (10 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Sand Cave and White Rock Virginia (Envelope 374) (7 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Greenbrier to State Line to Round Bottom (Envelope 365) (6 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Rabbit Creek (Envelope 376) (2 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cumberland Falls Kentucky (Envelope 392) (4 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Good Snow Scenes [Prints in Box 33, Folder 7] (6 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Greenbrier Cabin Social Trip, Reverand and Mrs. Robert Siedentropf, Puzzle [Prints in Box 33, Folder 20] (2 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Fort Harry Falls (Envelope 316) (3 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Fall Creek Falls (Envelope 354) (5 of 21)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Machinery [Print in Box 34, Folder 8]'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound to Shelter at Little Indian Gap (Envelope 407) (1 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Tree in snow'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Benton Falls (Envelope 350) (13 of 17)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Picnic [Prints in Box 33, Folder 2] (8 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Old Grandma Harrison Home Loudon, Tennessee (11 of 26)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, woman sitting'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Two men in outdoors'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hiwassee Dam (Envelope 318) (3 of 16)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Horse (4 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Roaring Forks (Envelope 314) (2 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Night blooming flower'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '549 - Fontana Area'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte (Envelope 372) (4 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, man and woman'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound to Clingman Dome and along Newfound Gap Highway (Envelope 327) (13 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscape and Flora [Print in Box 34, Folder 3] (8 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Low Gap and Snake Den Mountain (Envelope 383) (7 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscape and Group shots [Prints in Box 34, Folder 4] (10 of 30)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Wellstone Gap and Dupont Springs (Envelope 381) (1 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cabin in Brier (Envelope 315) (6 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Roaring Forks (Envelope 385) (2 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Sonny and Charles Allen at Newfound Gap, Christmas Tree, Charles Allen, snow on pinnacle (1 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Groupshots, Mary Watrous [Prints in Box 33, Folder 25] (13 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Sugarland from Elkmont (Envelope 311) (3 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mount Mingus (Envelope 367) (9 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Westminster Presbyterian Church, Sequoyah Hills Presbyterian, Lyons View Presbyterian, Old Mill at Pigeon Forge, Reverand Siedentopf, Puzzle (5 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Abrams Falls (Envelope 331) (14 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hikes, Landscapes (50 of 53)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Maggie, the falling down bridge, Charles, Wilma, Charles Allen and I, Fred Ramsey on bridge (5 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Appalachian Trail Conference at Gatlinburg Hike to Alum Cave and Laurel Falls (Envelope 325) (7 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound to Davenport Gap (Envelope 326) (9 of 18)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Roan Mountain (Envelope 364) (2 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscape and Group shots [Prints in Box 34, Folder 4] (23 of 30)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 344) (5 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Miscellaneous Waterways and Dams [Prints in Box 34, Folder 9] (4 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Charlies Bunion from Greebrier (Envelope 353) (2 of 15)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Sewing Club at Stellas, Charles and trophy, swimming at corner hole (2 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'St. Davids Day, River (3 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Wellstone Gap and Dupont Springs (Envelope 381) (11 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscape and Group shots [Prints in Box 34, Folder 4] (30 of 30)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscapes and group shots (28 of 52)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscapes and group shots (31 of 52)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Greenbrier Cabin Social Trip, Reverand and Mrs. Robert Siedentropf, Puzzle [Prints in Box 33, Folder 20] (7 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Spruce Mountain and Mount Sterling (Envelope 403) (4 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Abrams Falls (Envelope 331) (9 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Andrews Bald to Deep Creek (Envelope 371) (3 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Old Grandma Harrison Home Loudon, Tennessee (17 of 26)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Gregory Bald to East Gap (Envelope 324) (4 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hangover (Envelope 375) (7 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, woman near Greyhound bus station'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Laurel Creek and Webb Mountain (Envelope 378) (1 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Little River to School House Gap (Envelope 347) (7 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': "Old Mill at Pigeon Forge, High Waters, Welsh Picnic, Charles Birthday and Sonny's [Prints located in Box 33, Folder 22] (5 of 8)"}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Trail Clearing (Envelope 390) (6 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '7 inches snow (3 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound to Davenport Gap (Envelope 326) (14 of 18)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Richland Balsam Mountain (Envelope 391) (2 of 17)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'New Church (4 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Horse, Woman (1 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'The Old Ramsey House (6 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Unidentified Miscellaneous landscapes [Prints in Box 34, Folder 5] (4 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscapes and group shots (1 of 52)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Lake and Boating [Prints in Box 34, Folder 11] (3 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Scouting Trip to Spruce Mountain (Envelope 401) (2 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'House Mountain [Prints in Box 33, Folder 34] (4 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Joyce Kilmer and Hangover (Envelope 393) (2 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'The Turtons and the Colliers, Sonny Wilma and Charles Allen in Costumes [Prints in Box 33, Folder 5] (5 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'River, Blackie - Snow (6 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscape and Flora [Print in Box 34, Folder 3] (10 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cabin and Nature Hike up Kalanu Fork (Envelope 389) (10 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Fish Fry (Envelope 333) (1 of 1)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mountain Landscape, Groupshots [Prints in Box 34, Folder 6] (3 of 16)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Richland Balsam Mountain (Envelope 391) (5 of 17)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Little River to School House Gap (Envelope 347) (9 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Snow - 10 in Mountains and House (2 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Lake (21 of 24)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Two women holding pouch'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cabin and Nature Hike up Kalanu Fork (Envelope 389) (5 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Low Gap and Snake Den Mountain (Envelope 383) (9 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Anakeesta Knob (Envelope 380) (5 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscape (2 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Welch Picnic (2 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hikes, Landscapes (11 of 53)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscapes and group shots (19 of 52)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hikes, Landscapes (36 of 53)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Washington Capital (10 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Group from church [Prints in Box 33, Folder 11] (5 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Richland Balsam Mountain (Envelope 391) (15 of 17)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound to Clingman Dome and along Newfound Gap Highway (Envelope 327) (10 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound to Clingman Dome and along Newfound Gap Highway (Envelope 327) (4 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Fish Fry (Envelope 398) (1 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Washington D.C. (2 of 15)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Greenbrier Pinnacle (Envelope 345) (1 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Snow - 10 in Mountains and House (1 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': "Welsh Picnic, Labor Day, Group here, me on Charles' Bicycle, Marion and Hugh, Mother and Dad, the House [Prints in Box 33, Folder 4] (2 of 10)"}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'North Carolina (Envelope 363) (4 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Roaring Forks (Envelope 314) (7 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscape and Flora [Print in Box 34, Folder 3] (2 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cabin in Brier (Envelope 357) (2 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 310) (10 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'English Mountain (Envelope 305) (5 of 17)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Lake (20 of 24)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newton Bald (Envelope 400) (3 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mountain Landscape, Groupshots [Prints in Box 34, Folder 6] (4 of 16)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscapes and group shots (47 of 52)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Lake from Highway 33 (Envelope 336) (1 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hikes, Landscapes (37 of 53)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Abrams Falls (Envelope 331) (2 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'The Old Ramsey House (8 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscape and Flora [Print in Box 34, Folder 3] (6 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Piney Creek Gorge (Envelope 343) (6 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Gold Rush Junction (1 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Smoky Mountain Landscapes [Envelope identifies subjects as: Cabin, 1939 April 29-30, LeConte Orchard 1933 Dec. 2-3, 1930] [Prints in Box 33, Folder 39] (19 of 24)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Relaxing on boat'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Unidentified Miscellaneous landscapes [Prints in Box 34, Folder 5] (2 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Synodical Training School, Reception at Youth Center, Group of Officers [Prints in Box 33, Folder 18] (1 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 308) (11 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': "Junkle Brook and along Junkle Brook Road, Maggie and Lib, Reunion at Catherine Anderson's, Dad and Sonny [Prints in Box 33, Folder 12] (22 of 26)"}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Richland Balsam Mountain (Envelope 391) (17 of 17)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': "Junkle Brook and along Junkle Brook Road, Maggie and Lib, Reunion at Catherine Anderson's, Dad and Sonny [Prints in Box 33, Folder 12] (25 of 26)"}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'House Mountain (Envelope 313) (4 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Landscapes and group portraits [Prints in Box 33, Folder 32] [Oversized Negatives in Box 36, Folders 2-3] (1 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'McLean Rock Mystery Hike (Envelope 348) (11 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Kerbela, Baseball game [Prints in Box 33, Folder 33] (13 of 25)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Madisonville Presbyterian Church - Estes Kefauver Home, Mountains (1 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Old Grandma Harrison Home Loudon, Tennessee (20 of 26)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'House Mountain [Prints in Box 33, Folder 34] (2 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Spruce Mountain and Mount Sterling (Envelope 403) (2 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chattanooga Tennessee, cabin, house being torn down (3 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Old Grandma Harrison Home Loudon, Tennessee (1 of 26)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Pres. Officers in Chattanooga'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Thanksgiving - Charles A. Roth and his two trophies'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mountain Landscape, Groupshots [Prints in Box 34, Folder 6] (9 of 16)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam day and night [Prints in Box 34, Folder 24] (2 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hikes, Landscapes (18 of 53)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Richland Balsam Mountain (Envelope 391) (6 of 17)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Benton Falls (Envelope 350) (14 of 17)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cabin and Brushy (Envelope 320) (8 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound to Clingman Dome and along Newfound Gap Highway (Envelope 327) (9 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Athens, Tennessee, Easter Sunday [Prints in Box 33, Folder 14] (5 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound to Shelter at Little Indian Gap (Envelope 407) (2 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound to Charlies Bunion (Envelope 312) (3 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'McLean Rock Mystery Hike (Envelope 348) (8 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Painting the house, birthday party [Prints in Box 33, Folder 21] (6 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Charlies Bunion (Envelope 319) (5 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Charlies Bunion from Greebrier (Envelope 353) (15 of 15)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Sugarland from Elkmont (Envelope 311) (1 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Sonny and Charles Allen at Newfound Gap, Christmas Tree, Charles Allen, snow on pinnacle (3 of 8)'}

	Caption on the negative was made using autographic film.

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mount Mingus (Envelope 367) (6 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'House Mountain (Envelope 313) (5 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'At Montreat and Black Mountain North Carolina visiting Dr. and Mrs. I. M. Ellis [Prints in Box 33, Folder 16] (13 of 15)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'At Montreat and Black Mountain North Carolina visiting Dr. and Mrs. I. M. Ellis [Prints in Box 33, Folder 16] (7 of 15)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Lake (8 of 24)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscapes and group shots (51 of 52)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '550 - Roasting Ears at Will Johnson Home'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Bull Run steam plant, Uncle Howard, our new car (Plymouth) and Old Ford (5 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Kerbela, Baseball game [Prints in Box 33, Folder 33] (16 of 25)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Gatlinburg, 1925 [Prints in Box 33, Folder 30] (4 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mountain Landscape, Groupshots [Prints in Box 34, Folder 6] (16 of 16)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscapes and group shots (21 of 52)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hikes, Landscapes (43 of 53)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Groupshots, Mary Watrous [Prints in Box 33, Folder 25] (6 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hikes, Landscapes (8 of 53)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Spence Field and Block House (Envelope 388) (1 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Group from church (4 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hikes, Landscapes (47 of 53)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Charles Allen Linhocker (1 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'The Turtons and the Colliers, Sonny Wilma and Charles Allen in Costumes [Prints in Box 33, Folder 5] (2 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Washington D.C. (15 of 15)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'McLean Rock Mystery Hike (Envelope 348) (3 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Group from church [Prints in Box 33, Folder 11] (1 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Scouting Trip -- Hooper Bald and Wiggs Cabin Site (Envelope 342) (8 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Charlies Bunion from Greebrier (Envelope 353) (14 of 15)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '551 - Mt. LeConte by Bear Pen Hollow'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Madisonville Presbyterian Church - Estes Kefauver Home, Mountains (3 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cabin in Brier (Envelope 315) (2 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled photograph of group in boat'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 310) (7 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Wigs Cabin Site and Hooper Bald (Envelope 358) (1 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': "Junkle Brook and along Junkle Brook Road, Maggie and Lib, Reunion at Catherine Anderson's, Dad and Sonny [Prints in Box 33, Folder 12] (21 of 26)"}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'A Little of Everything, some for album [Prints in Box 33, Folder 31]'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hikes, Landscapes (12 of 53)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'English Mountain (Envelope 305) (11 of 17)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': "River and Snow, High water, 3 taken at swimming hole at Wade's (6 of 6)"}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': "Snow, Old Mill at Pigeon Forge, Sonny's New Home [Prints in Box 33, Folder 19] (2 of 7)"}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscape and Flora [Print in Box 34, Folder 3] (4 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chattanooga Tennessee, cabin, house being torn down (7 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mount Mingus (Envelope 367) (4 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mountain Landscape, Groupshots [Prints in Box 34, Folder 6] (7 of 16)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Spruce Mountain and Mount Sterling (Envelope 403) (8 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 310) (8 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '412-Special. New Found Gap to Clingman Dome'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Maggie, the falling down bridge, Charles, Wilma, Charles Allen and I, Fred Ramsey on bridge (9 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscapes [Prints in Box 34, Folder 2] (5 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Blurry landscape'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Fighting Creek Gap to Laurel Falls (Envelope 355) (4 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Our birthday party (3 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Old Grandma Harrison Home Loudon, Tennessee (13 of 26)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound Gap to Little Indian Gap Shelter (Envelope 409) (5 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound Gap to Deal Gap (Envelope 321) (19 of 23)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscapes and group shots (36 of 52)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound to Charlies Bunion (Envelope 312) (1 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Greenbrier Pinnacle (Envelope 345) (3 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscapes and group shots (7 of 52)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Roan Mountain (Envelope 364) (5 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Andrews Bald to Deep Creek (Envelope 371) (6 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscapes and group shots (43 of 52)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscape and Group shots [Prints in Box 34, Folder 4] (7 of 30)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscapes and group shots (33 of 52)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '552 - Fontana Dam'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Smoky Mountain Landscapes [Envelope identifies subjects as: Cabin, 1939 April 29-30, LeConte Orchard 1933 Dec. 2-3, 1930] [Prints in Box 33, Folder 39] (14 of 24)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Goldrush Junction, with Charles Roth, Blackie Roth, High River (3 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chattanooga Tennessee, cabin, house being torn down (5 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'McLean Rock Mystery Hike (Envelope 348) (10 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chimneys (Envelope 405) (3 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Horse (12 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Lake (6 of 24)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Synodical Training School, Reception at Youth Center, Group of Officers [Prints in Box 33, Folder 18] (8 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Fighting Creek Gap to Laurel Falls (Envelope 355) (2 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cumberland Falls Kentucky (Envelope 392) (9 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'McLean Rock Mystery Hike (Envelope 348) (14 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Horse (3 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Greenbrier Cabin Social Trip, Reverand and Mrs. Robert Siedentropf, Puzzle [Prints in Box 33, Folder 20] (6 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Group from church (5 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chimneys (Envelope 405) (4 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled hike (8 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hikes, Landscapes (52 of 53)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, woman in front of bushes'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscapes and group shots (45 of 52)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': "Welsh Picnic, Labor Day, Group here, me on Charles' Bicycle, Marion and Hugh, Mother and Dad, the House [Prints in Box 33, Folder 4] (5 of 10)"}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled negatives [Prints in Box 33, Folder 35] (6 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Fall Creek Falls (Envelope 354) (12 of 21)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Miscellaneous Waterways and Dams [Prints in Box 34, Folder 9] (3 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'New Church (3 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Fall Creek Falls (Envelope 354) (6 of 21)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Labor Day, Charles in football uniform, Charles washing football pants, new sign in old cemetery down at bridge (2 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hiwassee Dam (Envelope 318) (5 of 16)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Goldrush Junction, with Charles Roth, Blackie Roth, High River (2 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled negative of flowers'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'At Montreat and Black Mountain North Carolina visiting Dr. and Mrs. I. M. Ellis [Prints in Box 33, Folder 16] (6 of 15)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Charlies Bunion (Envelope 319) (4 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Unidentified Miscellaneous landscapes [Prints in Box 34, Folder 5] (3 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': "Junkle Brook and along Junkle Brook Road, Maggie and Lib, Reunion at Catherine Anderson's, Dad and Sonny [Prints in Box 33, Folder 12] (4 of 26)"}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Scouting Trip -- Hooper Bald and Wiggs Cabin Site (Envelope 342) (6 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': "Junkle Brook and along Junkle Brook Road, Maggie and Lib, Reunion at Catherine Anderson's, Dad and Sonny [Prints in Box 33, Folder 12] (9 of 26)"}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Wellstone Gap and Dupont Springs (Envelope 381) (5 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'River, Blackie - Snow (5 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cabin and Brushy (Envelope 320) (4 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chattanooga Tennessee, cabin, house being torn down (2 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Andrews Bald to Deep Creek (Envelope 371) (7 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Fish Fry (Envelope 398) (2 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Charles and Sara Long, Mary Ellen new home, Charles and the snow (2 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Old Grandma Harrison Home Loudon, Tennessee (7 of 26)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Laurel Creek and Webb Mountain (Envelope 378) (5 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Two women (1 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Jon, Louie, & Julie Ann, Jones'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'English Mountain (Envelope 305) (6 of 17)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': "Junkle Brook and along Junkle Brook Road, Maggie and Lib, Reunion at Catherine Anderson's, Dad and Sonny [Prints in Box 33, Folder 12] (8 of 26)"}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Miscellaneous negatives (5 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Benton Falls (Envelope 350) (1 of 17)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscape and Group shots [Prints in Box 34, Folder 4] (24 of 30)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Old Grandma Harrison Home Loudon, Tennessee (25 of 26)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Road Prong and Mount Mingus (Envelope 307) (3 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Lake, Weenie Roast [Prints in Box 34, Folder 29] (1 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Charlies Bunion from Greebrier (Envelope 353) (8 of 15)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Abrams Falls (Negatives 28-35 inclusive and 62-66) (1 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'The Chimneys (Envelope 322) (11 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Bulldozer [Print in Box 33, Folder 29] (1 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hikes, Landscapes (4 of 53)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Puzzle, House, LeConte, Fall Colors (2 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'The Old Ramsey House (5 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chilhowee Dam (3 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Groupshots, Mary Watrous [Prints in Box 33, Folder 25] (10 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Washington D.C. (8 of 15)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Maggie, the falling down bridge, Charles, Wilma, Charles Allen and I, Fred Ramsey on bridge (2 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hikes, Landscapes (3 of 53)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Old Grandma Harrison Home Loudon, Tennessee (2 of 26)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Group from church (1 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': "River and Snow, High water, 3 taken at swimming hole at Wade's (5 of 6)"}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Fall Creek Falls (Envelope 354) (10 of 21)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Clingman Dome to Silers (Envelope 384) (8 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Kerbela, Baseball game [Prints in Box 33, Folder 33] (3 of 25)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Sonny Roth Elkmont Hwy (2 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Scouting Trip -- Hooper Bald and Wiggs Cabin Site (Envelope 342) (12 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Trail Clearing (Envelope 390) (3 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cumberland Fall Kentucky (Envelope 399) (8 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Westminster Presbyterian Church, Sequoyah Hills Presbyterian, Lyons View Presbyterian, Old Mill at Pigeon Forge, Reverand Siedentopf, Puzzle (3 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Picnic [Prints in Box 33, Folder 2] (3 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hikes, Landscapes (16 of 53)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '553 - Abrams Falls'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscape and Group shots [Prints in Box 34, Folder 4] (1 of 30)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Kerbela, Baseball game [Prints in Box 33, Folder 33] (1 of 25)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'The Old Ramsey House (4 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Fort Harry Falls (Envelope 316) (1 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hikes, Landscapes (28 of 53)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'The Welsh picnic at the bug eaten church, 100 degrees in shade, Mary Allen and Ann Thomas (2 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound to Davenport Gap (Envelope 326) (8 of 18)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Washington D.C. (14 of 15)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Miscellaneous negatives (7 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Fighting Creek Gap to Laurel Falls (Envelope 355) (3 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte by Brushy down Alum Cave (Envelope 395) (4 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscape and Flora [Print in Box 34, Folder 3] (7 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Trail Clearing (Envelope 390) (1 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscapes and group shots (26 of 52)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Christmas Eve, Day, Charles A. Roth, Mother and Dad (5 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Elkmont to Clingman Dome (Envelope 349) (1 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Benton Falls (Envelope 350) (16 of 17)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'The Turtons and the Colliers, Sonny Wilma and Charles Allen in Costumes [Prints in Box 33, Folder 5] (1 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Lake (13 of 24)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'English Mountain (Envelope 305) (12 of 17)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Abrams Falls (Negatives 28-35 inclusive and 62-66) (7 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Joyce Kilmer Forest (Envelope 340) (1 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Bachman Home, Cleveland Tennessee (5 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled group in mountains, cabin (2 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cabin and Nature Hike up Kalanu Fork (Envelope 389) (4 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound Gap to Deal Gap (Envelope 321) (5 of 23)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': "Welsh Picnic, Labor Day, Group here, me on Charles' Bicycle, Marion and Hugh, Mother and Dad, the House [Prints in Box 33, Folder 4] (1 of 10)"}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'At Montreat and Black Mountain North Carolina visiting Dr. and Mrs. I. M. Ellis [Prints in Box 33, Folder 16] (5 of 15)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled negatives [Prints in Box 33, Folder 35] (5 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Jones Chapel (Envelope 329) (2 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscape and Flora [Print in Box 34, Folder 3] (12 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Smoky Mountain Landscapes [Envelope identifies subjects as: Cabin, 1939 April 29-30, LeConte Orchard 1933 Dec. 2-3, 1930] [Prints in Box 33, Folder 39] (5 of 24)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Westminster Presbyterian Church, Sequoyah Hills Presbyterian, Lyons View Presbyterian, Old Mill at Pigeon Forge, Reverand Siedentopf, Puzzle (1 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Clingman Dome to Deal Gap (Envelope 361) (6 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Washington D.C. (3 of 15)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Miscellaneous negatives (1 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Horse (7 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cabin and Brushy (Envelope 320) (10 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound Gap to Deal Gap (Envelope 321) (7 of 23)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Little River to School House Gap (Envelope 347) (4 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Child with flashlight'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound Gap to Deal Gap (Envelope 321) (6 of 23)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Lake (22 of 24)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Smoky Mountain Historical Society (1 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Joyce Kilmer Forest (Envelope 340) (4 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Groupshots, Mary Watrous [Prints in Box 33, Folder 25] (1 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hikes, Landscapes (48 of 53)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Smoky Mountain Landscapes [Envelope identifies subjects as: Cabin, 1939 April 29-30, LeConte Orchard 1933 Dec. 2-3, 1930] [Prints in Box 33, Folder 39] (9 of 24)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Appalachian Trail Conference at Gatlinburg Hike to Alum Cave and Laurel Falls (Envelope 325) (8 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '554 -Cataloochee'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Spence Field and Block House (Envelope 388) (7 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Old Grandma Harrison Home Loudon, Tennessee (8 of 26)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 306) (6 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte by Brushy down Alum Cave (Envelope 395) (3 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Smoky Mountain Landscapes [Envelope identifies subjects as: Cabin, 1939 April 29-30, LeConte Orchard 1933 Dec. 2-3, 1930] [Prints in Box 33, Folder 39] (11 of 24)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Stiners Dock (Envelope 335) (4 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 308) (8 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscape (3 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Puzzle, House, LeConte, Fall Colors (3 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscapes and group shots (17 of 52)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Smoky Mountain Landscapes [Envelope identifies subjects as: Cabin, 1939 April 29-30, LeConte Orchard 1933 Dec. 2-3, 1930] [Prints in Box 33, Folder 39] (8 of 24)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Christmas Eve, Day, Charles A. Roth, Mother and Dad (4 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Horse (6 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'River, Blackie - Snow (2 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hiwassee Dam (Envelope 318) (9 of 16)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Beaverdam Bald (Envelope 328) (2 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Blount County Court, Group Shots (6 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'The Old Ramsey House (2 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mountain Landscape, Groupshots [Prints in Box 34, Folder 6] (13 of 16)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Group from church [Prints in Box 33, Folder 11] (2 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Appalachian Trail Conference at Gatlinburg Hike to Alum Cave and Laurel Falls (Envelope 325) (4 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Thanksgiving at Cabin, Living Room'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newton Bald (Envelope 400) (5 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'English Mountain (Envelope 305) (16 of 17)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscapes and group shots (27 of 52)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound to Clingman Dome and along Newfound Gap Highway (Envelope 327) (14 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Greenbrier to State Line to Round Bottom (Envelope 365) (1 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hikes, Landscapes (23 of 53)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Old Grandma Harrison Home Loudon, Tennessee (12 of 26)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Benton Falls (Envelope 350) (5 of 17)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Picnic [Prints in Box 33, Folder 2] (1 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Lake (7 of 24)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Bachman Home, Cleveland Tennessee (2 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'House Mountain [Prints in Box 33, Folder 34] (8 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscapes [Prints in Box 34, Folder 2] (4 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Anakeesta Knob (Envelope 380) (6 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Clingman Dome from Elkmont (Envelope 309) (3 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': "Welsh Picnic at the Nielsons, Senior Hikers Reunion at Marshal Wilson's Lodge (3 of 6)"}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte by Brushy down Alum Cave (Envelope 395) (7 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound to Clingman Dome and along Newfound Gap Highway (Envelope 327) (8 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Painting the house, birthday party [Prints in Box 33, Folder 21] (1 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Smoky Mountain Landscapes [Envelope identifies subjects as: Cabin, 1939 April 29-30, LeConte Orchard 1933 Dec. 2-3, 1930] [Prints in Box 33, Folder 39] (2 of 24)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Blount County Court, Group Shots (1 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hikes, Landscapes (20 of 53)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mars Hill Prebyterian Church, Athens Tennessee - Founded 1873 (1 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '555 - Scouting the new AT from State Line to Fontana Dam'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled hike (5 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Appalachian Trail Conference at Gatlinburg Hike to Alum Cave and Laurel Falls (Envelope 325) (5 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'The Chimneys (Envelope 322) (1 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Scouting Trip -- Hooper Bald and Wiggs Cabin Site (Envelope 342) (2 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Smoky Mountain Historical Society (4 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Roaring Forks (Envelope 314) (9 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Greenbrier Cabin Social Trip, Reverand and Mrs. Robert Siedentropf, Puzzle [Prints in Box 33, Folder 20] (5 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Abrams Falls (Envelope 331) (1 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Charles Allen in Baseball Suit, 2 of Church and sign [Prints in Box 33, Folder 15] (1 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cumberland Fall Kentucky (Envelope 399) (3 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Piney Creek Gorge (Envelope 343) (3 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'At Montreat and Black Mountain North Carolina visiting Dr. and Mrs. I. M. Ellis [Prints in Box 33, Folder 16] (3 of 15)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Easter Sunday, Albert G. Roth (13 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Miscellaneous negatives (11 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Scouting Trip -- Hooper Bald and Wiggs Cabin Site (Envelope 342) (10 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Washington D.C. (12 of 15)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Little River to School House Gap (Envelope 347) (6 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Floor High Water, River frozen over, 10 below zero (6+ inches of snow) Sonny and Charles (9 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscape and Group shots [Prints in Box 34, Folder 4] (17 of 30)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'State Line and Wallars Prong (Envelope 351) (3 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hiwasse Dam (Envelope 359) (3 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Synodical Training School, Reception at Youth Center, Group of Officers [Prints in Box 33, Folder 18] (2 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Fort Harry Falls (Envelope 316) (2 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound to Clingman Dome and along Newfound Gap Highway (Envelope 327) (11 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hikes, Landscapes (51 of 53)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'The Kittle Club Picnics at Norris (5 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Lake'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound Gap to Deal Gap (Envelope 321) (22 of 23)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled group in mountains, cabin (3 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Lake from Highway 33 (Envelope 336) (2 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Clinch Mountain from Avandale Spring (Envelope 341) (1 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Sewing Club at Stellas, Charles and trophy, swimming at corner hole (3 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscapes and group shots (5 of 52)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hiwassee Dam (Envelope 318) (2 of 16)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Blount County Court, Group Shots (7 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Four people and dog'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Trail Clearing (Envelope 390) (2 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound Gap to Little Indian Gap Shelter (Envelope 409) (2 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Fort Harry Falls (Envelope 316) (6 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Rose Bushes and Back of House, Sunday School at New Church, Maggie and Lili Blue Ridge Parkway [Prints in Box 33, Folder 17] (4 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Little River to School House Gap (Envelope 347) (11 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'King College [Prints in Box 33, Folder 10] (13 of 18)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscapes and group shots (22 of 52)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Abrams Falls (Envelope 370) (3 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Unidentified Miscellaneous landscapes [Prints in Box 34, Folder 5] (5 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Sewing Club at Stellas, Charles and trophy, swimming at corner hole (4 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Old Grandma Harrison Home Loudon, Tennessee (9 of 26)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cumberland Falls Kentucky (Envelope 392) (5 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'King College [Prints in Box 33, Folder 10] (7 of 18)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '556 - Chilhowee'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Fall Creek Falls (Envelope 354) (20 of 21)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Our church in 1891 (Fifth Avenue Prebyterian)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mount LeConte (Envelope 334) (3 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Abrams Falls (Envelope 331) (5 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Maggie, the falling down bridge, Charles, Wilma, Charles Allen and I, Fred Ramsey on bridge (6 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Washington Capital (6 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Miscellaneous Dams, Construction [Print in Box 34, Folder 26] (4 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Maggie, the falling down bridge, Charles, Wilma, Charles Allen and I, Fred Ramsey on bridge (7 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Sugarland from Elkmont (Envelope 311) (4 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '557 -  Road Prong - Bear Pen Gap - Sugarland to Collins'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Old Grandma Harrison Home Loudon, Tennessee (10 of 26)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hangover (Envelope 375) (2 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Roaring Forks (Envelope 314) (1 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled negatives [Prints in Box 33, Folder 35] (4 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Old Grandma Harrison Home Loudon, Tennessee (14 of 26)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Groupshots, Mary Watrous [Prints in Box 33, Folder 25] (2 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Fall Creek Falls (Envelope 354) (16 of 21)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Wellstone Gap and Dupont Springs (Envelope 381) (6 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled pics'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, woman in canoe'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Charlies Bunion (Envelope 319) (9 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Greenbrier Cabin Social Trip, Reverand and Mrs. Robert Siedentropf, Puzzle [Prints in Box 33, Folder 20] (4 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hikes, Landscapes (53 of 53)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Blount County Court, Group Shots (3 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Abrams Falls (Envelope 331) (7 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Wigs Cabin Site and Hooper Bald (Envelope 358) (2 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Picnic [Prints in Box 33, Folder 2] (5 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound to Davenport Gap (Envelope 326) (18 of 18)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Brick house'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscapes and group shots (23 of 52)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Ramsey Falls (Envelope 368) (5 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Old Grandma Harrison Home Loudon, Tennessee (16 of 26)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chattanooga Tennessee, cabin, house being torn down (10 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Washington Capital (8 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Greenbrier to State Line (Envelope 396) (3 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '559 - The New AT from Shuckstack to Doe Knob and Fontana Dam and Yellow Creek Gap'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Appalachian Trail Conference at Gatlinburg Hike to Alum Cave and Laurel Falls (Envelope 325) (6 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Kerbela, Baseball game [Prints in Box 33, Folder 33] (5 of 25)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Group from church [Prints in Box 33, Folder 11] (6 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Puzzle, House, LeConte, Fall Colors (5 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Lake (12 of 24)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Pag Prophy, Church [Prints located in Box 33 Folder 13] (4 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Scouting Trip -- Hooper Bald and Wiggs Cabin Site (Envelope 342) (7 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Our birthday party (4 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscapes and group shots (8 of 52)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Smoky Mountain Historical Society (2 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hiwasse Dam (Envelope 359) (2 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Painting the house, birthday party [Prints in Box 33, Folder 21] (7 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Boat'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Benton Falls (Envelope 350) (17 of 17)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 306) (8 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hikes, Landscapes (19 of 53)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 306) (5 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Smoky Mountain Historical Society (3 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Labor Day, Charles in football uniform, Charles washing football pants, new sign in old cemetery down at bridge (4 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cabin in Brier (Envelope 315) (1 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Old Grandma Harrison Home Loudon, Tennessee (26 of 26)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Dam (1 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Spruce Mountain and Mount Sterling (Envelope 403) (7 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Charles and Sara Long, Mary Ellen new home, Charles and the snow (3 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hiwasse Dam (Envelope 359) (4 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hiwassee Dam (Envelope 318) (7 of 16)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cumberland Fall Kentucky (Envelope 399) (4 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cabin and Nature Hike up Kalanu Fork (Envelope 389) (9 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Old Grandma Harrison Home Loudon, Tennessee (15 of 26)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Richland Balsam Mountain (Envelope 391) (9 of 17)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Roan Mountain (Envelope 364) (1 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Floor High Water, River frozen over, 10 below zero (6+ inches of snow) Sonny and Charles (3 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cumberland Fall Kentucky (Envelope 399) (2 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Abrams Falls (Envelope 370) (4 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Benton Falls (Envelope 350) (4 of 17)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Blount County Court, Group Shots (4 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Kerbela, Baseball game [Prints in Box 33, Folder 33] (23 of 25)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mount LeConte (Envelope 334) (2 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Charles Allen in Baseball Suit, 2 of Church and sign [Prints in Box 33, Folder 15] (4 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Spruce Mountain and Mount Sterling (Envelope 403) (9 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Blount County Court, Group Shots (8 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Jones Chapel (Envelope 329) (5 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Landscapes and group portraits [Prints in Box 33, Folder 32] [Oversized Negatives in Box 36, Folders 2-3] (2 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscapes and group shots (24 of 52)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Sonny and Charles Allen at Newfound Gap, Christmas Tree, Charles Allen, snow on pinnacle (7 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Smoky Mountain Landscapes [Envelope identifies subjects as: Cabin, 1939 April 29-30, LeConte Orchard 1933 Dec. 2-3, 1930] [Prints in Box 33, Folder 39] (1 of 24)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Good Snow Scenes [Prints in Box 33, Folder 7] (5 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Fall Creek Falls (Envelope 354) (7 of 21)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Horse (5 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscape and Flora [Print in Box 34, Folder 3] (3 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mountain Landscape, Groupshots [Prints in Box 34, Folder 6] (11 of 16)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Andrews Bald to Deep Creek (Envelope 371) (4 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Gatlinburg, 1925 [Prints in Box 33, Folder 30] (7 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Jones Chapel (Envelope 329) (1 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Groupshots, Mary Watrous [Prints in Box 33, Folder 25] (3 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Sonny and Charles Allen at Newfound Gap, Christmas Tree, Charles Allen, snow on pinnacle (4 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Floor High Water, River frozen over, 10 below zero (6+ inches of snow) Sonny and Charles (7 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Road Prong and Mount Mingus (Envelope 307) (1 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Painting the house, birthday party [Prints in Box 33, Folder 21] (8 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Harold Raymond (Envelope 382) (2 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Benton Falls (Envelope 350) (3 of 17)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Kerbela, Baseball game [Prints in Box 33, Folder 33] (18 of 25)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'McLean Rock Mystery Hike (Envelope 348) (2 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscape (1 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Charles and Sara Long, Mary Ellen new home, Charles and the snow (1 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': "Welsh Picnic at the Nielsons, Senior Hikers Reunion at Marshal Wilson's Lodge (4 of 6)"}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Abrams Falls (Envelope 370) (7 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Abrams Falls (Envelope 331) (12 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Laurel Creek and Webb Mountain (Envelope 378) (2 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'St. Davids Day, River (2 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Lake (5 of 24)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Abrams Falls (Negatives 28-35 inclusive and 62-66) (3 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Bull Run steam plant, Uncle Howard, our new car (Plymouth) and Old Ford (8 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Lake, Weenie Roast [Prints in Box 34, Folder 29] (3 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscapes and group shots (14 of 52)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Our birthday party (2 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'King College [Prints in Box 33, Folder 10] (2 of 18)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscapes and group shots (2 of 52)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hikes, Landscapes (45 of 53)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mars Hill Prebyterian Church, Athens Tennessee - Founded 1873 (2 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound to Clingman Dome and along Newfound Gap Highway (Envelope 327) (5 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Clingman Dome to Deal Gap (Envelope 361) (8 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Charles Allen in Baseball Suit, 2 of Church and sign [Prints in Box 33, Folder 15] (5 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscapes and group shots (13 of 52)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'The Turtons and the Colliers, Sonny Wilma and Charles Allen in Costumes [Prints in Box 33, Folder 5] (6 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Gatlinburg, 1925 [Prints in Box 33, Folder 30] (6 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Little River to School House Gap (Envelope 347) (8 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cabin in Brier (Envelope 315) (4 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cumberland Falls Kentucky (Envelope 392) (6 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'House Mountain (Envelope 313) (3 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Blount County Court, Group Shots (10 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Lake (18 of 24)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Westminster Presbyterian Church, Sequoyah Hills Presbyterian, Lyons View Presbyterian, Old Mill at Pigeon Forge, Reverand Siedentopf, Puzzle (6 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Man standing on head'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Night Blooming Flowers [Prints in Box 33, Folder 38] (3 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cabin and Nature Hike up Kalanu Fork (Envelope 389) (3 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hikes, Landscapes (31 of 53)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 310) (3 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Gatlinburg, 1925 [Prints in Box 33, Folder 30] (5 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '560 - Cats Stair and Greenbrier Pinnacle'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chattanooga Tennessee, cabin, house being torn down (1 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Ramsey Falls (Envelope 368) (4 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscapes and group shots (38 of 52)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Gregory Bald to East Gap (Envelope 324) (1 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Charlies Bunion (Envelope 319) (3 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Group from church (6 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'The Chimneys (Envelope 322) (10 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Benton Falls (Envelope 350) (2 of 17)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, woman in canoe (3 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cabin and Brushy (Envelope 320) (2 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hikes, Landscapes (14 of 53)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mountain Landscape, Groupshots [Prints in Box 34, Folder 6] (15 of 16)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Groupshots, Mary Watrous [Prints in Box 33, Folder 25] (9 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscape (4 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hikes, Landscapes (5 of 53)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'New Church (6 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hiwassee Dam (Envelope 318) (6 of 16)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Wigs Cabin Site and Hooper Bald (Envelope 358) (6 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chilhowee Dam (8 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 344) (3 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hikes, Landscapes (41 of 53)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Spence Field and Block House (Envelope 388) (4 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Washington D.C. (4 of 15)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': "Old Mill at Pigeon Forge, High Waters, Welsh Picnic, Charles Birthday and Sonny's [Prints located in Box 33, Folder 22] (8 of 8)"}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Spruce Mountain and Mount Sterling (Envelope 403) (1 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Sonny and Charles Allen at Newfound Gap, Christmas Tree, Charles Allen, snow on pinnacle (5 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscapes and group shots (48 of 52)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'English Mountain (Envelope 305) (17 of 17)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Madisonville Presbyterian Church - Estes Kefauver Home, Mountains (6 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscapes and group shots (25 of 52)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mount Mingus (Envelope 367) (8 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cabin in the Brier (Envelope 330) (3 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Laurel Creek Canyon and Cumberland Mountain (Envelope 338) (2 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Horse (9 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Miscellaneous negatives (4 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Anakeesta Knob (Envelope 380) (2 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Lake (19 of 24)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cabin in Brier (Envelope 315) (3 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Kerbela, Baseball game [Prints in Box 33, Folder 33] (6 of 25)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': "Junkle Brook and along Junkle Brook Road, Maggie and Lib, Reunion at Catherine Anderson's, Dad and Sonny [Prints in Box 33, Folder 12] (2 of 26)"}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cumberland Fall Kentucky (Envelope 399) (10 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': "River and Snow, High water, 3 taken at swimming hole at Wade's (1 of 6)"}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mount Mingus (Envelope 367) (2 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hiwassee Dam (Envelope 318) (11 of 16)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '561 - Reg. Shuckstack Fire Tower'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscape and Group shots [Prints in Box 34, Folder 4] (6 of 30)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Clingman Dome from Elkmont (Envelope 309) (1 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscape and Group shots [Prints in Box 34, Folder 4] (13 of 30)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'The Kittle Club Picnics at Norris (1 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte (Envelope 372) (2 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Sonny Roth Elkmont Hwy (3 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Washington Capital (9 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Kerbela, Baseball game [Prints in Box 33, Folder 33] (25 of 25)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Charlies Bunion from Greebrier (Envelope 353) (4 of 15)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Spruce Mountain and Mount Sterling (Envelope 403) (10 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cumberland Fall Kentucky (Envelope 399) (9 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'At Montreat and Black Mountain North Carolina visiting Dr. and Mrs. I. M. Ellis [Prints in Box 33, Folder 16] (1 of 15)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Anakeesta Knob (Envelope 380) (4 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Old Grandma Harrison Home Loudon, Tennessee (24 of 26)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'McLean Rock Mystery Hike (Envelope 348) (5 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscape and Group shots [Prints in Box 34, Folder 4] (11 of 30)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, waterfall'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '413-Black Mt.'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled negatives [Prints in Box 33, Folder 35] (8 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'At Montreat and Black Mountain North Carolina visiting Dr. and Mrs. I. M. Ellis [Prints in Box 33, Folder 16] (2 of 15)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'The Turtons and the Colliers, Sonny Wilma and Charles Allen in Costumes [Prints in Box 33, Folder 5] (4 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled group in mountains, cabin (1 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscapes and group shots (18 of 52)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chimneys (Envelope 405) (2 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hikes, Landscapes (25 of 53)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'King College [Prints in Box 33, Folder 10] (10 of 18)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '562 - Special. Proctor Field to Gregory [Bald]'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Abrams Falls (Envelope 331) (4 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'House Mountain (Envelope 313) (6 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Charles A. Roth, Margaret A. Roth and Halloween (4 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Floor High Water, River frozen over, 10 below zero (6+ inches of snow) Sonny and Charles (4 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'McLean Rock Mystery Hike (Envelope 348) (6 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscape and Group shots [Prints in Box 34, Folder 4] (5 of 30)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Bulldozer [Print in Box 33, Folder 29] (3 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Labor Day, Charles in football uniform, Charles washing football pants, new sign in old cemetery down at bridge (1 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Miscellaneous negatives (9 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cabin and Nature Hike up Kalanu Fork (Envelope 389) (6 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Clingman Dome from Elkmont (Envelope 309) (4 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'English Mountain (Envelope 305) (15 of 17)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Roaring Forks (Envelope 314) (12 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscapes [Prints in Box 34, Folder 2] (1 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'House Mountain (Envelope 313) (7 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 310) (13 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Puzzle, House, LeConte, Fall Colors (1 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Miscellaneous Waterways and Dams [Prints in Box 34, Folder 9] (5 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': "Goldrush Junction, Bird in Rhododendron, Aunt Margaret's House, Wig [Prints in Box 33, Folder 23] (2 of 2)"}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '563 - Special. New Found and Clingman. Doc Raymond'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newton Bald (Envelope 400) (1 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Old Grandma Harrison Home Loudon, Tennessee (18 of 26)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': "River and Snow, High water, 3 taken at swimming hole at Wade's (3 of 6)"}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Lake (16 of 24)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Christmas (3 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cross Mountain flag pole and Norris Dam at low water (Envelope 408) (2 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Richland Balsam Mountain (Envelope 391) (4 of 17)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chattanooga Tennessee, cabin, house being torn down (12 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Group from church (3 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Group from church (7 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound to Davenport Gap (Envelope 326) (15 of 18)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Lake (15 of 24)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Old Grandma Harrison Home Loudon, Tennessee (23 of 26)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Fort Harry Falls (Envelope 316) (7 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Rose Bushes and Back of House, Sunday School at New Church, Maggie and Lili Blue Ridge Parkway [Prints in Box 33, Folder 17] (3 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'King College [Prints in Box 33, Folder 10] (15 of 18)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Wigs Cabin Site and Hooper Bald (Envelope 358) (3 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'North Carolina (Envelope 363) (2 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': "Junkle Brook and along Junkle Brook Road, Maggie and Lib, Reunion at Catherine Anderson's, Dad and Sonny [Prints in Box 33, Folder 12] (10 of 26)"}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Horse (13 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscapes and group shots (52 of 52)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled negatives [Prints in Box 33, Folder 35] (7 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscape (5 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound Gap to Deal Gap (Envelope 321) (3 of 23)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Rainbow Falls'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Piney Creek Gorge (Envelope 343) (1 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mountain Landscape, Groupshots [Prints in Box 34, Folder 6] (5 of 16)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Annual Banquet Mineral Hill (Envelope 337) (3 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Charles and Sara Long, Mary Ellen new home, Charles and the snow (4 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Greenbrier to State Line to Round Bottom (Envelope 365) (3 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Groupshots, Mary Watrous [Prints in Box 33, Folder 25] (4 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Washington D.C. (13 of 15)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 308) (5 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Harold Raymond (Envelope 382) (1 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Good Snow Scenes [Prints in Box 33, Folder 7] (4 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hikes, Landscapes (30 of 53)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Benton Falls (Envelope 350) (15 of 17)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Kerbela, Baseball game [Prints in Box 33, Folder 33] (12 of 25)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'English Mountain (Envelope 305) (2 of 17)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hangover (Envelope 375) (8 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Horse (2 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Sand Cave and White Rock Virginia (Envelope 374) (2 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': "Junkle Brook and along Junkle Brook Road, Maggie and Lib, Reunion at Catherine Anderson's, Dad and Sonny [Prints in Box 33, Folder 12] (6 of 26)"}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Bull Run steam plant, Uncle Howard, our new car (Plymouth) and Old Ford (2 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Easter Sunday, Chales Allen, One of our church [Prints in Box 33, Folder 24] (3 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hikes, Landscapes (39 of 53)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'St. Davids Day, River (1 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Fort Harry Falls (Envelope 316) (4 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': "View from porch, mother's birthday [Prints in Box 33, Folder 9] (4 of 4)"}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Roaring Forks (Envelope 314) (4 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Kerbela, Baseball game [Prints in Box 33, Folder 33] (9 of 25)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Sonny Roth Elkmont Hwy (1 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'King College [Prints in Box 33, Folder 10] (11 of 18)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hikes, Landscapes (9 of 53)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': "Goldrush Junction, Bird in Rhododendron, Aunt Margaret's House, Wig [Prints in Box 33, Folder 23] (1 of 2)"}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 306) (4 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Charles Allen Roth on bulldozer and the bridge [Prints in Box 33, Folder 6] (4 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Charlies Bunion from Greebrier (Envelope 353) (3 of 15)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': "Junkle Brook and along Junkle Brook Road, Maggie and Lib, Reunion at Catherine Anderson's, Dad and Sonny [Prints in Box 33, Folder 12] (3 of 26)"}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Greenbrier Pinnacle (Envelope 345) (6 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Synodical Training School, Reception at Youth Center, Group of Officers [Prints in Box 33, Folder 18] (7 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Our birthday party (1 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Anakeesta Knob (Envelope 380) (1 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cove Mountain and Mount Harrison (Envelope 346) (3 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hangover (Envelope 375) (9 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Ramsey Falls (Envelope 368) (9 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': "Welsh Picnic, Labor Day, Group here, me on Charles' Bicycle, Marion and Hugh, Mother and Dad, the House [Prints in Box 33, Folder 4] (8 of 10)"}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mount Mingus (Envelope 367) (1 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Dam (2 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Fall Creek Falls (Envelope 354) (18 of 21)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Buildings in Mountains (1 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'North Carolina (Envelope 363) (3 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Clingman Dome to Silers (Envelope 384) (6 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Waterfall'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Wellstone Gap and Dupont Springs (Envelope 381) (4 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscape and Group shots [Prints in Box 34, Folder 4] (21 of 30)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'The Chimneys (Envelope 322) (8 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Laurel Creek Canyon and Cumberland Mountain (Envelope 338) (5 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Smoky Mountain Landscapes [Envelope identifies subjects as: Cabin, 1939 April 29-30, LeConte Orchard 1933 Dec. 2-3, 1930] [Prints in Box 33, Folder 39] (24 of 24)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Indian Gap, Kinzel Springs, Abrams Falls'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Night Blooming Flowers [Prints in Box 33, Folder 38] (2 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscapes and group shots (39 of 52)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Washington D.C. (11 of 15)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound to Clingman Dome and along Newfound Gap Highway (Envelope 327) (1 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'King College [Prints in Box 33, Folder 10] (18 of 18)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hikes, Landscapes (38 of 53)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Laurel Creek and Webb Mountain (Envelope 378) (3 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Richland Balsam Mountain (Envelope 391) (13 of 17)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Groupshots, Mary Watrous [Prints in Box 33, Folder 25] (7 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Clingman Dome to Silers (Envelope 384) (3 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound Gap to Deal Gap (Envelope 321) (21 of 23)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '7 inches snow (5 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte by Brushy down Alum Cave (Envelope 395) (5 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Road Prong and Mount Mingus (Envelope 307) (2 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Smoky Mountain Landscapes [Envelope identifies subjects as: Cabin, 1939 April 29-30, LeConte Orchard 1933 Dec. 2-3, 1930] [Prints in Box 33, Folder 39] (23 of 24)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Scouting Trip to Spruce Mountain (Envelope 401) (1 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': "View from porch, mother's birthday [Prints in Box 33, Folder 9] (1 of 4)"}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Sonny and Charles Allen at Newfound Gap, Christmas Tree, Charles Allen, snow on pinnacle (8 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Sand Cave and White Rock Virginia (Envelope 374) (5 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte by Brushy down Alum Cave (Envelope 395) (2 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Thunderhead from Tremont (Envelope 356) (2 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound to Davenport Gap (Envelope 326) (1 of 18)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Piney Creek Gorge (Envelope 343) (5 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Washington Capital (2 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Charles Allen Roth on bulldozer and the bridge [Prints in Box 33, Folder 6] (1 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'North Carolina (Envelope 363) (5 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Charlies Bunion (Envelope 319) (8 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '564 - Maddron Bald'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'King College [Prints in Box 33, Folder 10] (16 of 18)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 308) (6 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Washington Capital (4 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'The Kittle Club Picnics at Norris (4 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cabin in the Brier (Envelope 330) (1 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '7 inches snow (4 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'King College [Prints in Box 33, Folder 10] (3 of 18)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'River, Blackie - Snow (3 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'State Line and Wallars Prong (Envelope 351) (1 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': "Snow, Old Mill at Pigeon Forge, Sonny's New Home [Prints in Box 33, Folder 19] (1 of 7)"}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Kerbela, Baseball game [Prints in Box 33, Folder 33] (2 of 25)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Low Gap to White Rock (Envelope 373) (3 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Goldrush Junction, with Charles Roth, Blackie Roth, High River (4 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cumberland Falls Kentucky (Envelope 392) (8 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hikes, Landscapes (26 of 53)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '565 - Special. New Found Gap to Indian Gap'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 310) (5 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Little girl, doll, dog'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chattanooga Tennessee, cabin, house being torn down (4 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newton Bald (Envelope 400) (6 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'New Church (2 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscapes and group shots (4 of 52)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': "Welsh Picnic at the Nielsons, Senior Hikers Reunion at Marshal Wilson's Lodge (1 of 6)"}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled hike (6 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': "Welsh Picnic, Labor Day, Group here, me on Charles' Bicycle, Marion and Hugh, Mother and Dad, the House [Prints in Box 33, Folder 4] (10 of 10)"}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hikes, Landscapes (35 of 53)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '566 - Ozone Falls and Hike from Jess Bird Home'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Easter Sunday, Chales Allen, One of our church [Prints in Box 33, Folder 24] (2 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Mushrooms'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Home and House in Snow, Easter, Greenbrier Cabin Wildflowers (7 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscape and Group shots [Prints in Box 34, Folder 4] (14 of 30)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled hike (11 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Washington D.C. (10 of 15)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Andrews Bald to Deep Creek (Envelope 371) (1 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Low Gap to White Rock (Envelope 373) (2 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, two women'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'English Mountain (Envelope 305) (13 of 17)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam day and night [Prints in Box 34, Folder 24] (1 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': "Junkle Brook and along Junkle Brook Road, Maggie and Lib, Reunion at Catherine Anderson's, Dad and Sonny [Prints in Box 33, Folder 12] (24 of 26)"}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hiwasse Dam (Envelope 359) (5 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Horse (1 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': "Junkle Brook and along Junkle Brook Road, Maggie and Lib, Reunion at Catherine Anderson's, Dad and Sonny [Prints in Box 33, Folder 12] (11 of 26)"}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Pag Prophy, Church [Prints located in Box 33 Folder 13] (1 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Washington D.C. (7 of 15)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': "Snow, Old Mill at Pigeon Forge, Sonny's New Home [Prints in Box 33, Folder 19] (6 of 7)"}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '414-Stekoah Gap to Cheoah Bald'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Clingman Dome to Deal Gap (Envelope 361) (3 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Wellstone Gap and Dupont Springs (Envelope 381) (12 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscapes [Prints in Box 34, Folder 2] (8 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Greenbrier, Buck Fork, and Ramsey Cascades (Envelope 339)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Groupshots, Mary Watrous [Prints in Box 33, Folder 25] (5 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Appalachian Trail Conference at Gatlinburg Hike to Alum Cave and Laurel Falls (Envelope 325) (3 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': "Old Mill at Pigeon Forge, High Waters, Welsh Picnic, Charles Birthday and Sonny's [Prints located in Box 33, Folder 22] (7 of 8)"}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'House Mountain [Prints in Box 33, Folder 34] (7 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Easter Sunday, Chales Allen, One of our church [Prints in Box 33, Folder 24] (6 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Night Blooming Flowers [Prints in Box 33, Folder 38] (1 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cove Mountain and Mount Harrison (Envelope 346) (2 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Kerbela, Baseball game [Prints in Box 33, Folder 33] (4 of 25)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, landscape'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Group from church (5 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscape and Group shots [Prints in Box 34, Folder 4] (2 of 30)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Benton Falls (Envelope 350) (8 of 17)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Christmas Eve, Day, Charles A. Roth, Mother and Dad (3 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Smoky Mountain Landscapes [Envelope identifies subjects as: Cabin, 1939 April 29-30, LeConte Orchard 1933 Dec. 2-3, 1930] [Prints in Box 33, Folder 39] (3 of 24)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound to Davenport Gap (Envelope 326) (2 of 18)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': "Junkle Brook and along Junkle Brook Road, Maggie and Lib, Reunion at Catherine Anderson's, Dad and Sonny [Prints in Box 33, Folder 12] (23 of 26)"}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Charles Allen Roth on porch (1 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscape and Group shots [Prints in Box 34, Folder 4] (22 of 30)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Flower'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mountain Landscape, Groupshots [Prints in Box 34, Folder 6] (10 of 16)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound Gap to Deal Gap (Envelope 321) (10 of 23)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Charles Allen in Baseball Suit, 2 of Church and sign [Prints in Box 33, Folder 15] (2 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Abrams Falls (Envelope 370) (2 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Fall Creek Falls (Envelope 354) (8 of 21)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Group from church [Prints in Box 33, Folder 11] (3 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chilhowees (Envelope 360) (2 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Charlies Bunion (Envelope 319) (6 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hikes, Landscapes (49 of 53)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Kerbela, Baseball game [Prints in Box 33, Folder 33] (22 of 25)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'King College [Prints in Box 33, Folder 10] (5 of 18)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Smoky Mountain Landscapes [Envelope identifies subjects as: Cabin, 1939 April 29-30, LeConte Orchard 1933 Dec. 2-3, 1930] [Prints in Box 33, Folder 39] (20 of 24)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Sugarland from Elkmont (Envelope 311) (2 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Appalachian Trail to Clingman from Newfound Gap (Envelope 352) (1 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Stiners Dock (Envelope 335) (1 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound to Davenport Gap (Envelope 326) (4 of 18)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscapes and group shots (3 of 52)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound to Clingman Dome and along Newfound Gap Highway (Envelope 327) (2 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Gold Rush Junction (3 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Gold Rush Junction (2 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cabin and Nature Hike up Kalanu Fork (Envelope 389) (7 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': "Welsh Picnic, Labor Day, Group here, me on Charles' Bicycle, Marion and Hugh, Mother and Dad, the House [Prints in Box 33, Folder 4] (7 of 10)"}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Sonny and Charles Allen at Newfound Gap, Christmas Tree, Charles Allen, snow on pinnacle (6 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscape (1 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Washington Capital (3 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Wellstone Gap and Dupont Springs (Envelope 381) (13 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscapes and group shots (30 of 52)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hangover (Envelope 375) (11 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Smoky Mountain Landscapes [Envelope identifies subjects as: Cabin, 1939 April 29-30, LeConte Orchard 1933 Dec. 2-3, 1930] [Prints in Box 33, Folder 39] (4 of 24)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Richland Balsam Mountain (Envelope 391) (11 of 17)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound to Davenport Gap (Envelope 326) (13 of 18)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'The Gofreos at Twin Oaks Rhodedendron and Cabin'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Charlies Bunion from Greebrier (Envelope 353) (9 of 15)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hikes, Landscapes (2 of 53)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'River, Blackie - Snow (7 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Joyce Kilmer Forest (Envelope 340) (6 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': "Junkle Brook and along Junkle Brook Road, Maggie and Lib, Reunion at Catherine Anderson's, Dad and Sonny [Prints in Box 33, Folder 12] (12 of 26)"}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Athens, Tennessee, Easter Sunday [Prints in Box 33, Folder 14] (4 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Gregory Bald to East Gap (Envelope 324) (5 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Round Top Mystery Hike (Envelope 379) (2 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Smoky Mountain Hiking Club (Envelope 305)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Picnic [Prints in Box 33, Folder 2] (7 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '567 - New Found to Indian Gap in Heavy Snow'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Fall Creek Falls (Envelope 354) (13 of 21)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled hike (2 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Low Gap and Snake Den Mountain (Envelope 383) (4 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound Gap to Deal Gap (Envelope 321) (15 of 23)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Charles Allen Roth on bulldozer and the bridge [Prints in Box 33, Folder 6] (2 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Ramsey Falls (Envelope 368) (8 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Low Gap and Snake Den Mountain (Envelope 383) (1 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Charles Allen Roth on porch (3 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'The Chimneys (Envelope 322) (4 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Man with bulldog in military cap'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Washington Capital (12 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': "Mother's Day, Mother's Birthday (1 of 3)"}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Charles Allen Roth on bulldozer and the bridge [Prints in Box 33, Folder 6] (3 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Floor High Water, River frozen over, 10 below zero (6+ inches of snow) Sonny and Charles (2 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscape (2 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Westminster Presbyterian Church, Sequoyah Hills Presbyterian, Lyons View Presbyterian, Old Mill at Pigeon Forge, Reverand Siedentopf, Puzzle (7 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Yellow Creek Gap to Stekoah Gap (Envelope 323)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Elkmont to Clingman Dome (Envelope 349) (2 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Laurel Creek Canyon and Cumberland Mountain (Envelope 338) (3 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscape and Group shots [Prints in Box 34, Folder 4] (9 of 30)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Lodge'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Horse (14 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Low Gap to White Rock (Envelope 373) (4 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Kerbela, Baseball game [Prints in Box 33, Folder 33] (11 of 25)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Man on ledge'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': "Snow, Old Mill at Pigeon Forge, Sonny's New Home [Prints in Box 33, Folder 19] (7 of 7)"}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mount LeConte (Envelope 334) (9 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound to Clingman Dome and along Newfound Gap Highway (Envelope 327) (6 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'House Mountain [Prints in Box 33, Folder 34] (1 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '569 - Rainbow Falls from the Orchard'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled hike (1 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Rabbit Creek (Envelope 376) (1 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Low Gap and Snake Den Mountain (Envelope 383) (6 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': "Welsh Picnic at the Nielsons, Senior Hikers Reunion at Marshal Wilson's Lodge (6 of 6)"}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mount Mingus (Envelope 367) (3 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hikes, Landscapes (32 of 53)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Spence Field and Block House (Envelope 388) (2 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 308) (1 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Miscellaneous negatives (3 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Frozen waterfall (1 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Greenbrier to State Line (Envelope 396) (1 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Piney Creek Gorge (Envelope 343) (4 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam [Prints in Box 34, Folder 16]'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscapes and group shots (20 of 52)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'King College [Prints in Box 33, Folder 10] (1 of 18)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'New Church (8 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Admiral Farragut Old Homestead looking across lake [Print in Box 34, Folder 32]'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Yellow Creek Mountain Tapoco to Power Line (Envelope 369) (1 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hikes, Landscapes (34 of 53)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Abrams Falls (Envelope 331) (6 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Floor High Water, River frozen over, 10 below zero (6+ inches of snow) Sonny and Charles (5 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Anakeesta Knob (Envelope 380) (11 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound to Davenport Gap (Envelope 326) (10 of 18)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Yellow Creek Mountain Tapoco to Power Line (Envelope 369) (2 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Andrews Bald to Deep Creek (Envelope 371) (8 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Clingman Dome to Deal Gap (Envelope 361) (2 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'The Chimneys (Envelope 322) (5 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Smoky Mountain Landscapes [Envelope identifies subjects as: Cabin, 1939 April 29-30, LeConte Orchard 1933 Dec. 2-3, 1930] [Prints in Box 33, Folder 39] (12 of 24)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Easter Sunday, Chales Allen, One of our church [Prints in Box 33, Folder 24] (4 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Gregory Bald to East Gap (Envelope 324) (6 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chilhowee Dam (1 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'At Montreat and Black Mountain North Carolina visiting Dr. and Mrs. I. M. Ellis [Prints in Box 33, Folder 16] (4 of 15)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled negatives [Prints in Box 33, Folder 35] (2 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Abrams Falls (Envelope 386) (2 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Abrams Falls (Envelope 386) (4 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newton Bald (Envelope 400) (7 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Easter Sunday, Chales Allen, One of our church [Prints in Box 33, Folder 24] (8 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscapes and group shots (50 of 52)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound Gap to Deal Gap (Envelope 321) (23 of 23)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'King College [Prints in Box 33, Folder 10] (12 of 18)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Fall Creek Falls (Envelope 354) (14 of 21)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Lake (24 of 24)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cabin and Brushy (Envelope 320) (5 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': "Old Mill at Pigeon Forge, High Waters, Welsh Picnic, Charles Birthday and Sonny's [Prints located in Box 33, Folder 22] (1 of 8)"}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound to Davenport Gap (Envelope 326) (17 of 18)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Sand Cave and White Rock Virginia (Envelope 374) (6 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cumberland Falls Kentucky (Envelope 392) (11 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscapes and group shots (34 of 52)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound Gap to Deal Gap (Envelope 321) (16 of 23)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'At Montreat and Black Mountain North Carolina visiting Dr. and Mrs. I. M. Ellis [Prints in Box 33, Folder 16] (15 of 15)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Abrams Falls (Negatives 28-35 inclusive and 62-66) (8 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Greenbrier to State Line (Envelope 396) (2 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 308) (2 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Easter Sunday, Chales Allen, One of our church [Prints in Box 33, Folder 24] (5 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound Gap to Deal Gap (Envelope 321) (9 of 23)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cross Mountain flag pole and Norris Dam at low water (Envelope 408) (3 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Abrams Falls (Envelope 370) (5 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Fall Creek Falls (Envelope 354) (19 of 21)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'The Old Ramsey House (3 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Charles A. Roth, Margaret A. Roth and Halloween (3 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Annual Banquet Mineral Hill (Envelope 337) (1 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Fighting Creek Gap to Laurel Falls (Envelope 355) (5 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Greenbrier to State Line (Envelope 396) (4 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Easter Sunday, Albert G. Roth (10 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'New Church (1 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Little River to School House Gap (Envelope 347) (1 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hikes, Landscapes (10 of 53)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscape and Group shots [Prints in Box 34, Folder 4] (19 of 30)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound to Davenport Gap (Envelope 326) (5 of 18)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled Picnic [Prints in Box 33, Folder 2] (4 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Group from church (4 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Puzzle, House, LeConte, Fall Colors (4 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Abrams Falls (Envelope 331) (8 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '7 inches snow (2 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Miscellaneous Waterways and Dams [Prints in Box 34, Folder 9] (1 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Charles Allen Roth on porch (2 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Bulldozer [Print in Box 33, Folder 29] (2 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Abrams Falls (Envelope 386) (5 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Gatlinburg, 1925 [Prints in Box 33, Folder 30] (1 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': "View from porch, mother's birthday [Prints in Box 33, Folder 9] (2 of 4)"}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'River, Blackie - Snow (8 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 344) (4 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscape and Group shots [Prints in Box 34, Folder 4] (18 of 30)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscape and Group shots [Prints in Box 34, Folder 4] (25 of 30)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound to Clingman Dome and along Newfound Gap Highway (Envelope 327) (12 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Greenbrier Pinnacle (Envelope 345) (4 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Unidentified Miscellaneous landscapes [Prints in Box 34, Folder 5] (1 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hikes, Landscapes (22 of 53)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Beaverdam Bald (Envelope 328) (3 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Roaring Forks (Envelope 314) (5 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Fort Harry Falls (Envelope 316) (10 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Clingman Dome to Silers (Envelope 384) (1 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Old Grandma Harrison Home Loudon, Tennessee (6 of 26)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'House Mountain [Prints in Box 33, Folder 34] (9 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cumberland Falls Kentucky (Envelope 392) (2 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': "Junkle Brook and along Junkle Brook Road, Maggie and Lib, Reunion at Catherine Anderson's, Dad and Sonny [Prints in Box 33, Folder 12] (16 of 26)"}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Anakeesta Knob (Envelope 380) (7 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Kerbela, Baseball game [Prints in Box 33, Folder 33] (17 of 25)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hall Top (Envelope 410) (1 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hikes, Landscapes (17 of 53)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscapes and group shots (42 of 52)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Lake and Boating [Prints in Box 34, Folder 11] (4 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Woman and child'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hikes, Landscapes (33 of 53)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Appalachian Trail to Clingman from Newfound Gap (Envelope 352) (3 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Charlies Bunion from Greebrier (Envelope 353) (12 of 15)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Greenbrier Cabin Social Trip, Reverand and Mrs. Robert Siedentropf, Puzzle [Prints in Box 33, Folder 20] (8 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 308) (10 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Lake (2 of 24)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Wellstone Gap and Dupont Springs (Envelope 381) (10 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newton Bald (Envelope 400) (2 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound to Davenport Gap (Envelope 326) (3 of 18)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cumberland Fall Kentucky (Envelope 399) (1 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hiwassee Dam (Envelope 318) (14 of 16)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscape and Flora [Print in Box 34, Folder 3] (1 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Fish Fry (Envelope 366) (1 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '570 - Fontana Dam'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Six people near dam'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Bachman Home, Cleveland Tennessee (3 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 308) (4 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Scouting Trip -- Hooper Bald and Wiggs Cabin Site (Envelope 342) (3 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Jones Chapel (Envelope 329) (3 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Kerbela, Baseball game [Prints in Box 33, Folder 33] (8 of 25)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Beaverdam Bald (Envelope 328) (5 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cabin and Brushy (Envelope 320) (3 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Spence Field and Block House (Envelope 388) (6 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': "Old Mill at Pigeon Forge, High Waters, Welsh Picnic, Charles Birthday and Sonny's [Prints located in Box 33, Folder 22] (2 of 8)"}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Gatlinburg, 1925 [Prints in Box 33, Folder 30] (3 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'River, Blackie - Snow (1 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscape and Group shots [Prints in Box 34, Folder 4] (8 of 30)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Old Grandma Harrison Home Loudon, Tennessee (22 of 26)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'At Montreat and Black Mountain North Carolina visiting Dr. and Mrs. I. M. Ellis [Prints in Box 33, Folder 16] (12 of 15)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound to Davenport Gap (Envelope 326) (16 of 18)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Fort Harry Falls (Envelope 316) (11 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscapes and group shots (37 of 52)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hangover (Envelope 375) (3 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled couple (1 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Richland Balsam Mountain (Envelope 391) (8 of 17)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mount LeConte (Envelope 334) (6 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Fort Harry Falls (Envelope 316) (9 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Elkmont to Clingman Dome (Envelope 349) (5 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Miscellaneous negatives (12 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Annual Banquet Mineral Hill (Envelope 337) (2 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Kerbela, Baseball game [Prints in Box 33, Folder 33] (20 of 25)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Laurel Creek Canyon and Cumberland Mountain (Envelope 338) (1 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Labor Day, Charles in football uniform, Charles washing football pants, new sign in old cemetery down at bridge (5 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mountain Landscape, Groupshots [Prints in Box 34, Folder 6] (14 of 16)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Spence Field and Block House (Envelope 388) (3 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hangover (Envelope 375) (10 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 310) (2 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Synodical Training School, Reception at Youth Center, Group of Officers [Prints in Box 33, Folder 18] (6 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscape and Flora [Print in Box 34, Folder 3] (11 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hiwassee Dam (Envelope 318) (15 of 16)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Madisonville Presbyterian Church - Estes Kefauver Home, Mountains (2 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': "Junkle Brook and along Junkle Brook Road, Maggie and Lib, Reunion at Catherine Anderson's, Dad and Sonny [Prints in Box 33, Folder 12] (17 of 26)"}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Rose Bushes and Back of House, Sunday School at New Church, Maggie and Lili Blue Ridge Parkway [Prints in Box 33, Folder 17] (6 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Lake (4 of 24)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 310) (4 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Greenbrier Pinnacle (Envelope 345) (8 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Cabin (1 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Roaring Forks (Envelope 314) (11 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte (Envelope 372) (1 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Trail Clearing (Envelope 390) (5 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscapes and group shots (15 of 52)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Miscellaneous negatives (8 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': "River and Snow, High water, 3 taken at swimming hole at Wade's (2 of 6)"}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscape and Group shots [Prints in Box 34, Folder 4] (26 of 30)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': "Mother's Day, Mother's Birthday (3 of 3)"}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Athens, Tennessee, Easter Sunday [Prints in Box 33, Folder 14] (3 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Benton Falls (Envelope 350) (11 of 17)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': "View from porch, mother's birthday [Prints in Box 33, Folder 9] (3 of 4)"}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Elkmont to Clingman Dome (Envelope 349) (3 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chattanooga Tennessee, cabin, house being torn down (11 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '572 - Charlies Bunion from New Found Gap'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Low Gap and Snake Den Mountain (Envelope 383) (5 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Good Snow Scenes [Prints in Box 33, Folder 7] (3 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Dam (3 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cumberland Falls Kentucky (Envelope 392) (10 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Good Snow Scenes [Prints in Box 33, Folder 7] (7 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 310) (1 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Blount County Court, Group Shots (9 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscape (3 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newton Bald (Envelope 400) (4 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Whittle Spring Banquet (Envelope 377) (1 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cabin and Brushy (Envelope 320) (11 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Abrams Falls (Envelope 370) (1 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound Gap to Deal Gap (Envelope 321) (13 of 23)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Scouting Trip -- Hooper Bald and Wiggs Cabin Site (Envelope 342) (5 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Gregory Bald to East Gap (Envelope 324) (2 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Low Gap and Snake Den Mountain (Envelope 383) (2 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Charlies Bunion (Envelope 319) (2 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Abrams Falls (Negatives 28-35 inclusive and 62-66) (5 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Rose Bushes and Back of House, Sunday School at New Church, Maggie and Lili Blue Ridge Parkway [Prints in Box 33, Folder 17] (2 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'McLean Rock Mystery Hike (Envelope 348) (1 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscape and Group shots [Prints in Box 34, Folder 4] (15 of 30)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 306) (3 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chilhowees (Envelope 360) (1 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Joyce Kilmer Forest (Envelope 340) (5 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, woman in canoe (1 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'State Line and Wallars Prong (Envelope 351) (2 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Roaring Forks (Envelope 314) (8 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Tower and Cabin on Wesser Bald'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Charlies Bunion (Envelope 319) (1 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Charlies Bunion from Greebrier (Envelope 353) (11 of 15)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscape and Group shots [Prints in Box 34, Folder 4] (3 of 30)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Ramsey Falls (Envelope 368) (6 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscape and Group shots [Prints in Box 34, Folder 4] (12 of 30)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mountain Landscape, Groupshots [Prints in Box 34, Folder 6] (8 of 16)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Clingman Dome to Deal Gap (Envelope 361) (5 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Low Gap to White Rock (Envelope 373) (6 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Cabin (2 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Fish Fry (Envelope 366) (2 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'House Mountain [Prints in Box 33, Folder 34] (5 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Synodical Training School, Reception at Youth Center, Group of Officers [Prints in Box 33, Folder 18] (5 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '573 - Trail Clearing between Fontana Dam & to the top of Yellow Creek Mt.'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscapes and group shots (29 of 52)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hiwasse Dam (Envelope 359) (6 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Groupshots, Mary Watrous [Prints in Box 33, Folder 25] (11 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'House Mountain [Prints in Box 33, Folder 34] (3 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Abrams Falls (Envelope 331) (3 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 306) (7 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cabin and Nature Hike up Kalanu Fork (Envelope 389) (8 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Christmas Eve, Day, Charles A. Roth, Mother and Dad (1 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cross Mountain flag pole and Norris Dam at low water (Envelope 408) (1 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscapes and group shots (6 of 52)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Athens, Tennessee, Easter Sunday [Prints in Box 33, Folder 14] (6 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Washington Capital (7 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': "Sarah's Wedding Picture [Prints in Box 33, Folder 26] (1 of 2)"}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': "Junkle Brook and along Junkle Brook Road, Maggie and Lib, Reunion at Catherine Anderson's, Dad and Sonny [Prints in Box 33, Folder 12] (19 of 26)"}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Smoky Mountain Landscapes [Envelope identifies subjects as: Cabin, 1939 April 29-30, LeConte Orchard 1933 Dec. 2-3, 1930] [Prints in Box 33, Folder 39] (6 of 24)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Abrams Falls (Envelope 386) (3 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Whittle Spring Banquet (Envelope 377) (2 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Greenbrier Cabin (Envelope 394)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '574 - Thunderhead some went up by Thunderhead Prong. All came back by Defeat Ridge'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': "Sarah's Wedding Picture [Prints in Box 33, Folder 26] (2 of 2)"}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cabin in the Brier (Envelope 330) (2 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Anakeesta Knob (Envelope 380) (3 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Clingman Dome to Deal Gap (Envelope 361) (9 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Greenbrier Cabin Social Trip, Reverand and Mrs. Robert Siedentropf, Puzzle [Prints in Box 33, Folder 20] (3 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Joyce Kilmer Forest (Envelope 340) (3 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'The Chimneys (Envelope 322) (6 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Clinch Mountain from Avandale Spring (Envelope 341) (2 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hikes, Landscapes (7 of 53)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Frozen waterfall (2 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Clingman Dome from Elkmont (Envelope 309) (5 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Round Top Mystery Hike (Envelope 379) (1 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Maggie, the falling down bridge, Charles, Wilma, Charles Allen and I, Fred Ramsey on bridge (8 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': "Snow, Old Mill at Pigeon Forge, Sonny's New Home [Prints in Box 33, Folder 19] (4 of 7)"}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Easter Sunday, Chales Allen, One of our church [Prints in Box 33, Folder 24] (1 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Piney Creek Gorge (Envelope 343) (9 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Roaring Forks (Envelope 314) (6 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'English Mountain (Envelope 305) (10 of 17)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': "Junkle Brook and along Junkle Brook Road, Maggie and Lib, Reunion at Catherine Anderson's, Dad and Sonny [Prints in Box 33, Folder 12] (15 of 26)"}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscape and Flora [Print in Box 34, Folder 3] (5 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Bull Run steam plant, Uncle Howard, our new car (Plymouth) and Old Ford (3 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Little River to School House Gap (Envelope 347) (10 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Anakeesta Knob (Envelope 380) (8 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Stiners Dock (Envelope 335) (2 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscape and Flora [Print in Box 34, Folder 3] (9 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mountain Landscape, Groupshots [Prints in Box 34, Folder 6] (2 of 16)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Horse (10 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'English Mountain (Envelope 305) (9 of 17)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Kerbela, Baseball game [Prints in Box 33, Folder 33] (10 of 25)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Roan Mountain (Envelope 364) (3 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'At Montreat and Black Mountain North Carolina visiting Dr. and Mrs. I. M. Ellis [Prints in Box 33, Folder 16] (11 of 15)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound Gap to Deal Gap (Envelope 321) (18 of 23)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Roaring Forks (Envelope 385) (1 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Greenbrier to State Line to Round Bottom (Envelope 365) (4 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cabin and Brushy (Envelope 320) (7 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Spruce Mountain and Mount Sterling (Envelope 403) (3 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Richland Balsam Mountain (Envelope 391) (3 of 17)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Wellstone Gap and Dupont Springs (Envelope 381) (3 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cumberland Falls Kentucky (Envelope 392) (7 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': "Old Mill at Pigeon Forge, High Waters, Welsh Picnic, Charles Birthday and Sonny's [Prints located in Box 33, Folder 22] (3 of 8)"}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Low Gap to White Rock (Envelope 373) (1 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Sewing Club at Stellas, Charles and trophy, swimming at corner hole (1 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Clingman Dome to Deal Gap (Envelope 361) (1 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Trail Clearing (Envelope 390) (4 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mount LeConte (Envelope 334) (5 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, two men in suits'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Benton Falls (Envelope 350) (10 of 17)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'The Kittle Club Picnics at Norris (3 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Baby'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Smoky Mountain Landscapes [Envelope identifies subjects as: Cabin, 1939 April 29-30, LeConte Orchard 1933 Dec. 2-3, 1930] [Prints in Box 33, Folder 39] (18 of 24)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hikes, Landscapes (24 of 53)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Fall Creek Falls (Envelope 354) (17 of 21)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Floor High Water, River frozen over, 10 below zero (6+ inches of snow) Sonny and Charles (8 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscapes [Prints in Box 34, Folder 2] (7 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Fall Creek Falls (Envelope 354) (21 of 21)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Little River to School House Gap (Envelope 347) (5 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chattanooga Tennessee, cabin, house being torn down (6 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hikes, Landscapes (44 of 53)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'New Church (5 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '575 - Montvale Springs'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Scouting Trip -- Hooper Bald and Wiggs Cabin Site (Envelope 342) (1 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'The Turtons and the Colliers, Sonny Wilma and Charles Allen in Costumes [Prints in Box 33, Folder 5] (3 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Greenbrier to State Line to Round Bottom (Envelope 365) (2 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Boy in woods'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': "River and Snow, High water, 3 taken at swimming hole at Wade's (4 of 6)"}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': "Old Mill at Pigeon Forge, High Waters, Welsh Picnic, Charles Birthday and Sonny's [Prints located in Box 33, Folder 22] (6 of 8)"}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': "Junkle Brook and along Junkle Brook Road, Maggie and Lib, Reunion at Catherine Anderson's, Dad and Sonny [Prints in Box 33, Folder 12] (26 of 26)"}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Low Gap to White Rock (Envelope 373) (5 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Little River to School House Gap (Envelope 347) (2 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound to Charlies Bunion (Envelope 312) (2 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 310) (6 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled hike (7 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Beaverdam Bald (Envelope 328) (4 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hikes, Landscapes (15 of 53)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Ramsey Falls (Envelope 368) (3 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mount Mingus (Envelope 367) (7 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'The Kittle Club Picnics at Norris (6 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Benton Falls (Envelope 350) (6 of 17)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '576 - Special trip to Smoke Mount campground in North Carolina. Ate lunch then drove back to Clingman parking space then to Chimney Campground for supper. Hugh & Marian Hoss, Mary, Margaret Anne and myself'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': "Snow, Old Mill at Pigeon Forge, Sonny's New Home [Prints in Box 33, Folder 19] (3 of 7)"}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hikes, Landscapes (1 of 53)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Miscellaneous Dams, Construction [Print in Box 34, Folder 26] (2 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '7 inches snow (6 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Maggie, the falling down bridge, Charles, Wilma, Charles Allen and I, Fred Ramsey on bridge (4 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chimneys (Envelope 405) (1 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Blount County Court, Group Shots (5 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Puzzle, House, LeConte, Fall Colors (6 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '577 - White Pines Camp Grounds. Labor Day'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cumberland Fall Kentucky (Envelope 399) (11 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Old Grandma Harrison Home Loudon, Tennessee (5 of 26)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Clingman Dome from Elkmont (Envelope 309) (2 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hikes, Landscapes (6 of 53)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Westminster Presbyterian Church, Sequoyah Hills Presbyterian, Lyons View Presbyterian, Old Mill at Pigeon Forge, Reverand Siedentopf, Puzzle (2 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cabin in Brier (Envelope 357) (1 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hangover (Envelope 375) (6 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'LeConte (Envelope 372) (3 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Fighting Creek Gap to Laurel Falls (Envelope 355) (1 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Madisonville Presbyterian Church - Estes Kefauver Home, Mountains (5 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Rose Bushes and Back of House, Sunday School at New Church, Maggie and Lili Blue Ridge Parkway [Prints in Box 33, Folder 17] (5 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hiwassee Dam (Envelope 318) (13 of 16)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Athens, Tennessee, Easter Sunday [Prints in Box 33, Folder 14] (7 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chattanooga Tennessee, cabin, house being torn down (8 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Easter Sunday, Albert G. Roth (12 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'The Kittle Club Picnics at Norris (2 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Roan Mountain (Envelope 364) (6 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Chilhowee Dam (4 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '415-Chimneys'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, group portrait (1 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Charlies Bunion from Greebrier (Envelope 353) (1 of 15)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'House Mountain (Envelope 313) (2 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mr. and Mrs. McBeth at their home (2 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cabin and Brushy (Envelope 320) (6 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Fort Harry Falls (Envelope 316) (5 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Charles Allen in Baseball Suit, 2 of Church and sign [Prints in Box 33, Folder 15] (3 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 310) (12 of 13)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound Gap to Deal Gap (Envelope 321) (11 of 23)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 306) (1 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '578 - Walnut Bottom'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cabin and Brushy (Envelope 320) (12 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Joyce Kilmer and Hangover (Envelope 393) (1 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Piney Creek Gorge (Envelope 343) (7 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Sand Cave and White Rock Virginia (Envelope 374) (3 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Old Grandma Harrison Home Loudon, Tennessee (19 of 26)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscapes and group shots (46 of 52)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled (Envelope 332) (2 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cabin and Nature Hike up Kalanu Fork (Envelope 389) (1 of 10)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hiwasse Dam (Envelope 359) (1 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound to Clingman Dome and along Newfound Gap Highway (Envelope 327) (7 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '579 - Special trip to cabin for reshingling the cabin'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'English Mountain (Envelope 305) (8 of 17)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cumberland Fall Kentucky (Envelope 399) (6 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Good Snow Scenes [Prints in Box 33, Folder 7] (2 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Bull Run steam plant, Uncle Howard, our new car (Plymouth) and Old Ford (4 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Stiners Dock (Envelope 335) (3 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Thunderhead from Tremont (Envelope 356) (3 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Bull Run steam plant, Uncle Howard, our new car (Plymouth) and Old Ford (6 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscape and Group shots [Prints in Box 34, Folder 4] (28 of 30)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Washington D.C. (1 of 15)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, House'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Kerbela, Baseball game [Prints in Box 33, Folder 33] (7 of 25)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscapes and group shots (9 of 52)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscapes [Prints in Box 34, Folder 2] (9 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Lake (9 of 24)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Pag Prophy, Church [Prints located in Box 33 Folder 13] (2 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscapes and group shots (32 of 52)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound Gap to Deal Gap (Envelope 321) (8 of 23)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Clingman Dome to Deal Gap (Envelope 361) (7 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hiwassee Dam (Envelope 318) (8 of 16)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Group from church (2 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Greenbrier Cabin Social Trip, Reverand and Mrs. Robert Siedentropf, Puzzle [Prints in Box 33, Folder 20] (1 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Easter Sunday, Chales Allen, One of our church [Prints in Box 33, Folder 24] (7 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Wellstone Gap and Dupont Springs (Envelope 381) (9 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, group portrait (2 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscapes and group shots (10 of 52)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled group in mountains, cabin (4 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Unidentified Hikers'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Fort Harry Falls (Envelope 316) (8 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'The Old Ramsey House (1 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Synodical Training School, Reception at Youth Center, Group of Officers [Prints in Box 33, Folder 18] (4 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mountain Landscape, Groupshots [Prints in Box 34, Folder 6] (6 of 16)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Washington Capital (1 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Wigs Cabin Site and Hooper Bald (Envelope 358) (5 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hiwassee Dam (Envelope 318) (1 of 16)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'English Mountain (Envelope 305) (1 of 17)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Roaring Forks (Envelope 314) (10 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 344) (2 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Joyce Kilmer Forest (Envelope 340) (8 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Charles A. Roth, Margaret A. Roth and Halloween (5 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mount LeConte (Envelope 334) (4 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound Gap to Little Indian Gap Shelter (Envelope 409) (3 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Joyce Kilmer Forest (Envelope 340) (2 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '581 - Cove Mt.'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Christmas Eve, Day, Charles A. Roth, Mother and Dad (2 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Christmas and Christmas Eve (1 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mr. and Mrs. McBeth at their home (1 of 2)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hall Cabin Site (Envelope 387)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'The Kittle Club Picnics at Norris (7 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Joyce Kilmer and Hangover (Envelope 393) (3 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Smoky Mountain Landscapes [Envelope identifies subjects as: Cabin, 1939 April 29-30, LeConte Orchard 1933 Dec. 2-3, 1930] [Prints in Box 33, Folder 39] (13 of 24)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Athens, Tennessee, Easter Sunday [Prints in Box 33, Folder 14] (1 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, woman in canoe (2 of 3)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': "Welsh Picnic, Labor Day, Group here, me on Charles' Bicycle, Marion and Hugh, Mother and Dad, the House [Prints in Box 33, Folder 4] (9 of 10)"}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Mount LeConte (Envelope 334) (8 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 344) (1 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'McLean Rock Mystery Hike (Envelope 348) (13 of 14)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Washington D.C. (5 of 15)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Rose Bushes and Back of House, Sunday School at New Church, Maggie and Lili Blue Ridge Parkway [Prints in Box 33, Folder 17] (1 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Richland Balsam Mountain (Envelope 391) (1 of 17)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Landscapes [Prints in Box 34, Folder 2] (6 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Lake and Boating [Prints in Box 34, Folder 11] (2 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '582 - Cabin in Brier'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Laurel Creek Canyon and Cumberland Mountain (Envelope 338) (4 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Bull Run steam plant, Uncle Howard, our new car (Plymouth) and Old Ford (1 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hiwassee Dam (Envelope 318) (16 of 16)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Norris Dam (Envelope 306) (2 of 8)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Maggie, the falling down bridge, Charles, Wilma, Charles Allen and I, Fred Ramsey on bridge (3 of 9)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Smoky Mountain Landscapes [Envelope identifies subjects as: Cabin, 1939 April 29-30, LeConte Orchard 1933 Dec. 2-3, 1930] [Prints in Box 33, Folder 39] (17 of 24)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Woman in bathing suit smoking'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Cabin in Brier (Envelope 315) (5 of 7)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Madisonville Presbyterian Church - Estes Kefauver Home, Mountains (4 of 6)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Smoky Mountain Landscapes [Envelope identifies subjects as: Cabin, 1939 April 29-30, LeConte Orchard 1933 Dec. 2-3, 1930] [Prints in Box 33, Folder 39] (22 of 24)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Greenbrier to State Line (Envelope 396) (5 of 5)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Newfound to Davenport Gap (Envelope 326) (6 of 18)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'King College [Prints in Box 33, Folder 10] (4 of 18)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Hangover (Envelope 375) (12 of 12)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Untitled, Lake and Boating [Prints in Box 34, Folder 11] (1 of 4)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'The Chimneys (Envelope 322) (3 of 11)'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '583 - Walker Prong and Jump Off'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '584 - Cabin in Brier'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '416-Special. Roaring Forks and Bason Creek'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '585 - Fall Creek Falls'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '417- Silers Bald. Shelter on Silers'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '586 - S[h]ingling Cabin in Brier'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '588 - Linville Gorge Trip'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '590 - Fontana Dam. AT Conference'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '591 - Cabin in Brier'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '418- Special. Go Club on LeConte'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '592 - Cherokee and Douglas Dams'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '593 - Deep Creek'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '595 - Black Mt.'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Fire Tower. Fontana Dam N.C. Shuck Stack'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '419- Special. Stekoah Gap and Wesser Station'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '598 - Cove Mt.'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '599 - Fort Loudon Dam'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '600 - Rainbow Falls'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '601 - Special. Drove Mamma around the loop'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '420- Abrams Falls'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '602 - Road Prong and Mt. Mingus'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '603 - Special. Laurel Falls'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '605 - Mothers Day at Emerts Cove. Georgia and Ray'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '606 - Abrams Falls'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '607 - Mt. Mitchell and Grandfather Mt.'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': 'Special. Lorene and Mary'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '421- White Sides'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '608 - Wigg Cabin Site'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '609 - Roastin Ears at Bill Johnson'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '610 - Yellow Mt. White Side'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '612 - Chimneys'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '613 - 25th Anniversary'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '614 - Special. Chickamauga Dam'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '615 - Special. Watts Bar'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': "616 - Chilhowee's Mt."}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Transcribed from Original Collection', '#text': '617 - The Cumberland Plateau. Waldron Ridge and Richland Creek'}

	"padams38" written in pencil on back of photo.

	"padams8" written in pencil on back of photo.

	Date inferred from archival collection dates.

	"padams7" written in pencil on back of photo.

	"padams9" written in pencil on back of photo.

	"padams5" written in pencil on back of photo.

	"padams16" written in pencil on back of photo.

	"padams14" written in pencil on back of photo.

	"padams10" written in pencil on back of photo.

	"padams11 (2)" written on back of photo.

	"padams12" written in pencil on back of photo.

	"padams19" written in pencil on back of photo.

	"padams27" written in pencil on back of photo.

	"padams20" written in pencil on back of photo.

	"padams25" written in pencil on back of photo.

	"padams24" written in pencil on back of photo.

	"padams21" written in pencil on back of photo.

	"padams22" written in pencil on back of photo.

	"padams28" written in pencil on back of photo.

	"padams36" written in pencil on back of photo.

	"padams35" written in pencil on back of photo.

	"padams40" written in pencil on back of photo.

	"padams39 (1) p.5" written on back of photo.

	"padams34" written in pencil on back of photo.

	"padams30" written in pencil on back of photo.

	"padams23" (3) (people) p. 6 written on back of photo.

	{'@displayLabel': 'use and reproduction', '#text': 'To use photographs or to order reproductions which belong to the McClung Historical Collection, contact DigitalCollections@knoxlib.org or phone 865 215-8808. Please refer to Image Number and provide a brief description of the photograph'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Intermediate provider', '#text': 'University of Tennessee, Knoxville. Libraries'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Attribution', '#text': 'Photograph © Alan S. Heilman; Digital Image © 2011 The University of Tennessee Libraries. Creative Commons License Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivs 3.0 Unported (CC BY-NC-ND 3.0) with attribution as follows: [Photograph title and item number], The Botanical Photography of Alan S. Heilman, © Alan S. Heilman, © The University of Tennessee Libraries, 2011.'}

	Dates inferred from dates of the creator.

	Dates inferred from the creation dates associated with the archival collection.

	Prepared by CDF and Center for Labor Market Studies at Northwestern Univ.

	Collaboration between National Health Law Program, George Washington Univ., and Center for Health Policy Research

	Adolescent Pregnancy Prevention Prenatal Care Program and CDF

	A Joint Publication of the Education and Human Services Consortium: Amer. Public Welfare Assoc., Center for Law and Social Policy, Center for the Study of Social Policy, Child Welfare League of America, CDF, Council of Chief State School Officers, Council of Great City Schools, Educ. Commission of the States, Institute for Educational Leadership, Joining Forces, National Alliance of Business, National Assoc. of Counties, National Assembly of National Voluntary Health and Social Welfare Organizations, National Assoc. of Secondary School Principals, National Assoc. of State Boards of Educ., National Governors' Assoc., National League of Cities, National School Boards Assoc., National Youth Employment Coalition, U.S. Conference of Mayors, Wider Opportunities for Women, and the William T. Grant Foundation Commission on Work, Family, and Citizenship

	A Statement of: American Public Welfare Association, Center for Law and Social Policy, Center for Study of Social Policy, CDF, Council of Chief State School Officers, Institute for Educational Leadership, National Alliance of Business, National Assoc. of State Boards of Educ., and National Governors' Association

	Collaborated with the Center for Law and Social Policy

	Written in collaboration with Lichman, Trister, Singer, & Ross - Washington, D.C.

	Adolescent Pregnancy Prevention Prenatal Care Campaign and CDF

	Study supported by Ford Foundation and Travelers Foundation

	Funding made possible by The Prudential Foundation and the Merck Family Foundation

	CDF's Child, Youth, and Family Futures Clearinghouse

	CDF's Child Care and Development Division

	Document incomplete; cuts off midsentence.

	H.R. 3490, the similar bill before the House of Representatives that is mentioned in this statement, which changed the penalties for those who violated certain narcotics laws, was signed into law by President Harry Truman on November 2, 1951.

	Senator Estes Kefauver's weekly reports were "made available to Tennessee newspapers and a 30-station radio network." In these reports the senator answered constituent questions and addressed controversial subjects.

	Dutch Roth & Gail Edmondson (Frizzell)

	#2: Charlie [Gibson] at Three Forks

	#43: Mt Guyot from White Rod

	#44: Spec. End view of Fain Cabin. Trip to Haw Knob

	#1: House Mountain

	#45: Tower on Mt. Sterling

	#47: The Ganz Lot. Gregory

	#3: Hikers in the fog Near Jump-Off ([Harvey] Broome - Ford - [Dutch] Roth - Niles)

	#46: Find Dutch [Roth] in picture?

	#4: State Line from Greenbrier Cove

	#48: Ramsey Cascade

	#5: Mt. Chapman

	#49: Nice view of chimneys from highway

	#6: Gail Edmondson (Frizzell) [hiking] Grandfather Mtn.

	#7: Trail Between Gant Lot & Crest of Gregory

	#50: State Line near Strattons Meadow

	#8: Sister Mildred - House Mountain

	#56: White Rock from Low Gap

	#9: View from House Mountain

	#10: Three Forks. Trip With Chas. Gibson & Tom Brightwell

	#57: Dutch [Roth] in Lead. Between Low Gap & White Rock

	#11: Charles Gibson at Three Forks

	#58: Gnadian Family at Cherokee

	#12: Arriving at Three Forks. Chas. Gibson, Tom Brightwell, Herb Webster. Shack Owned by Tom Alexander

	#59: Under shot mill at Cherokee Orchard

	#13: House Mtn.

	#14: House Mtn.

	#60: Rainbow Falls. Masked down print of 116 neg.

	#15: Fisherman's Shack. Three Forks - Spent the night in this Cabin with Charley [Gibson] and Tom [Brightwell]

	#61: Rainbow Falls. Virgie, Clyde, Maurice, John

	#16: Cabin at Three Forks

	#62: Old Mill in Claiborne Co. Near Tazewell. Special

	#17: Pool at Three Forks

	#63: Swinging Bridge near Sevierville

	#18: Pool at Three Forks

	#64: Cove Mtn. in distance from Chimneys

	#19: Three Forks

	#20: Three Forks

	#65: Clingman's Dome from Siler's Bald

	#21: Cold! Pool at Three Forks

	#66: Thunderhead from Siler's Bald. Special

	#22: Br-r. Three Forks. Charlie Gibson and Tom Brightwell

	#23: Three Forks

	#67: Grandfather Mountain

	#24: Three Forks

	#68: Spring House at Messer Cabin

	#25: Three Forks

	#69: A 'log jam' below Charlie's Bunion. Caused by floods following the fire in the Saw Teeth. [?] & June Thomas going 'over top.' Walter (Cotton) Clark looks on

	#26: Three Forks

	#70: Little Tub Mill. Cherokee Orchard

	#27: Cabin at Three Forks

	#28: Hike Jump-off from Brushy

	#71: Rainbow Falls where the falls are frozen from top to Bottom (Most views show the upper portion frozen and a 'cone' building up at the bottom)

	#29: [Tom] Brightwell and Grogan looking toward Mt. Mitchell from Grandfather. Greenbrier Pinnacle

	#30: This appears to be Greenbrier Pinnacle. Picture taken from the area above the Cabin before it was over-grown

	#72: Group at Major Campbell's prior to Grandfather Mtn. climb

	#31: Hikers in the fog

	#73: Windrock

	#32: Wooly Top from Road to Greenbrier (near Palmer Center)

	#74: Charley's Bunion From Dry Sluice Gap

	#34: Odd tree formation on State Line near Laurel Top

	#76: Shy Wood Creatures [Harvey Broome, Dutch Roth, and Tom Brightwell]. State line near Low Gap (near White Rock)

	#35: Rain Nearing the Chimneys

	#36: Under-shot mill. LeConte Creek-Cherokee Orchard

	#77: State Line Between Clingman's & Siler's

	#37: LeConte Lodge

	#39: Early pictures of Alum Cave. Descent & ascent was [sic] made by wire cable at far end of overhang

	#78: Group at Major Campbell's

	#40: Contains neg. of stream in Greenbrier or Chilhowee. No. 40 is note on print of Haw Knob

	#79: Elijah Oliver Home in Cades Cove

	#41: Old Barn in Greenbrier

	#51: Harriet Foulkes (Koutnik) at Greenbrier

	#80: Sheep on Mt. Sterling

	#52: Mt. Sterling from State Line near Low Gap

	#81: Clingman's Dome from Tower on Blanket Mtn.

	#53: Fain Ranch (View from the Ridge)

	#54: Little Pigeon from bridge leading to Chimney Top Trail

	#82: Chapman & Guyot from trail to Fittified Spring. Wooly Tops in extreme right of picture

	#55: State Line from Greenbrier

	#83: Mt. Collins from Siler's Bald

	#84: Citico Crick

	#85: Cades Cove from Silers?

	#86: Hikers on Trail to Grandfather. Special

	#87: Thunderhead from Gant Lot

	#88: Rain nearing the chimneys

	#89: Rainbow Falls. Very Special. Made with box camerA

	#90: From Brushy

	#91: State Line from Greenbrier

	#92: Looking East from Mt. Sterling. Two trips on Labor Day week-end. White Rock (Mt. Cammerer) and Sterling (long hot hike to Sterling)

	#93: Unidentified VistA

	#94: State Line from Brushy

	#95: Greenbrier Pinnacle. From trail to Porters Flats

	#96: Chimneys. View from Road

	#97: Vacation Camp Hikers on Brushy. Tom Brightwell, Hober Sisters (Atlanta), Harvey Broome, Miss Rutherford, Miss Griffith

	#98: Mildred at 'double' tree. Haw Knob

	#99: Camp at Double Springs Gap. Gay - Harvey [Broome] - Geo. Barber - Walter Berry - Wiley Thomas - Dutch Roth. Very Special

	#100: Bridge at Porters Creek. Often Photographed

	#101: Mt. LeConte from Fighting Creek Gap

	#102: Wheat field near Pitman Center. Good

	#103: Sheep at Willie Myers. Cades Cove

	#105: Large group on way to Blanket Mtn. Mildred & Mitchie in Center

	#106: Stream in Greenbrier

	#107: Fain Cabin

	#108: Charleys Bunion

	#109: Guyot from State Line near White Rock

	#110: Thunderhead from Gregory

	#111: Frozen Head. 1st hike with the club

	#112: 'The Cabin' unfurnished! Very Special

	#113: Little Pigeon River at Pittman Center

	#114: Guyot & Old Black from Mt. Sterling

	#115: Laurel Falls. Good

	#116: Thunderhead from Rich Mtn. Road

	#117: Appears to be Thunderhead framed by trees on other side

	#118: Trail to Gregory by way of Gregory Ridge. Hikers crossing foot bridge

	#119: Thunderhead from Silers?

	#120: Rain over Greenbrier Pinnacle soon to bury us on Brushy

	#121: Looks like same type foreground as 126 [Laurel Top near Haw Knob]

	#122: AT Marker between Low Gap & White Rock

	#123: [?] looking down into Cades Cove from Thunderhead

	#124: LeConte Lodge. Special. Snow. With Georgia Trail Club

	#125: Saw Teeth & State Line from Brushy

	#126: Laurel Top. Haw Knob AreA

	#127: English Mtn.

	#128: From Brushy

	#129: Leconte from trail leading from Mt. Harrison

	#130: The Barn

	#131: Self at odd shaped tree near Strattons Bald

	#132: Down Roaring Fork with Dutch Roth, Harvey Broome, Harris [?], & Sonny Morris

	#133: Sheep at Standing Indian

	#134: Little fall on Ekaneekle Creek on return from Gregory

	#135: State Line

	#136: Tub Mill on Ramsey Prong - Greenbrier. Special

	#137: Trio on Brushy

	#138: Bald River Falls. Made on trip to Haw Knob

	#139: Tub Mill on Ramsey Prong. Greenbrier. Rare - mill gone

	#140: Porters Flats Creek

	#141: Hikers descending the rough trail down dry Sluice Gap

	#143: Ducks at Willie Myers. Cades Cove

	#144: Large group who turned out for walk to Blanket Mtn. Mildred & Mitchie in center

	#145: Clouds over Pinnacle at State Line from Brushy. Self in foreground

	#146: Camp fire at cabin

	#147: To Dry Sluice Gap

	#148: Unidentified VistA

	#149: Ramsey Cascades

	#150: Tom [Brightwell] & his shirt full of apples. Vacation Camp at Greenbrier

	#152: The Cabin in the Brier

	#153: Ramsey [Cascades]. Harriett Foulkes

	#154: Mt. Chapman - Guyot. Greenbrier

	#155: Rough Day on the Chimneys

	#156: Sheep

	#158: Greenbrier Pinnacle from Brushy. Nice rain clouds below

	#159-160: Out on a limb! fallen log across rim of Ramsey Cascade. 70' drop!

	#161: Unidentified VistA

	#162: Over the Roof of a cabin in Greenbrier

	#163: Herders Cabin [on] Gregory Bald. Special

	#164: Bald River Falls

	#165: Ramsey Prong. Drinkwater Pool

	#166: Group on Grandfather Mountain

	#167: Unidentified VistA

	#168: Greenbrier Pinnacle

	#169: Saw Teeth & State Line from Brushy

	#170: Ramsey Prong above Cascades

	#171: Charlies Bunion

	#172: Ramsey Cascades

	#173: Porters Crick

	#174: Dutch [Roth] in the Lead. Between Low Gap & White Rock

	#175: A Cabin in the Greenbrier

	#176: What is it! (Haven't the slightest idea!). Haw Knob

	#177: Mt. Guyot from State Line near White Rock

	#178: Herders Cabin. Gregory Bald. Special

	#179: Bald River Falls

	#180: Group at Major Campbell's near Elizabethton

	#181: Guyot & Old Black from White Rock

	#182: Down Roaring Fork Waterfall. Harriet Fowlkes, Harvey Broome, Dutch Roth, Roy Beach, Sonny Morris, Herb Webster

	#183: Cabin Construction

	#184: Below Ramsey Cascades

	#185: State Line from Brushy

	#186: Leconte Lodge. Trip with Ga. Trail Club

	#187: [Mt.] Guyot from White Rock

	#188: Trail to Hangover

	#189: Unidentified Copse

	#190: Tom Brightwell and Grogan below Crest of Grandfather

	#191: English Mtn.

	#192: The Cabin. Last day of Vacation Camp

	#193: Hike from Clingman's Dome to Silers. Very memorable trip

	#194: English Mtn.

	#195: Mt. Kephart & the Jump-off

	#196: Mt. Kephart from Laurel Top

	#197: Mt. Leconte from Laurel Top

	#198: State Line near Saw Trail. Dry Sluice Gap in foreground. Far points are Kephart-jump-off. Center right is Charlies Bunion

	#199: Mt. Guyot & Mt. Chapman. From trail near Laurel Top

	#200: [Mt.] Guyot from trail near Laurel Top

	#201: Greenbrier Pinnacle (series) from State Line near Laurel Top

	#202: Unidentified VistA

	#203: The Saw Teeth. Hike came up from left just beyond second Knob in foreground. Rough!

	#204: Charley's Bunion

	#205: Mitchie - 1st trip to Greenbrier. Special

	#206: North Carolina Side of Spence field. Note the old trail worn deep by many passing feet

	#207: Stream in the Chilhowee

	#208: Mildred (Sister) & Katheryn Greenlee - down Walter Prong from the Jump-off

	#209: L-R. Clyde Kitts, Maurice Webster, Virgie Boruff & Herb under Rainbow Falls (John Donaldson apparently made picture)

	#210: Spence Field

	#211: Myrtle Point. Self Seated

	#212-213A: Greenbrier Pinnacle. Guyot lead from Myrtle Point

	#213B: State Line & Pinnacle from Myrtle Point. Trip up Bear Pen Holler

	#214: Group. Place unidentified

	#215: Guyot & Old Black from White Rock

	#216: Leconte from Pitman Center

	#217: Mt. Mitchell faintly outlined in the distance from Grandfather Mountain

	#218: English Mtn.

	#219: Whaley boy who smoked logs from wrecked Cabin to go in the Cabin in the Brier

	#220: Could be road over Rich Mtn.?

	#221: The Cabin in the Brier

	#222: Siler's Bald from tower on Blanket Mtn. (background)

	#223: Harvey Broome [at] Jump-off

	#224: Mt. Leconte from Tower on Blanket Mtn.

	#225: Dutch [Roth] [at] Porters Creek

	#226: Guyot & Chapman from Laurel Top. The Ridge in the foreground is the State Line between Laurel Top & Pecks Corner

	#227: Sweep of State Line with Mt. Chapman to extreme left & Eagle Rocks to extreme right

	#228: Rich Mtn. from tower on Blanket Mtn.

	#229: Cold Springs Knob from Blanket Mtn.

	#229A: Mt. Chapman in Center - Guyot to the left. [F]rom trail near Laurel Top

	#230: Leconte from Silers Bald

	#231: Thunderhead from tower on Blanket Mtn.

	#232: CCC Camp near Mt. Sterling Po.

	#233: [?] Turrentine at Double Springs Gap. Trip to Siler's from Clingmans

	#234: Hoarfrost. Double Springs Gap. Clingmans to Silers

	#235: Snow in the Sugarlands

	#236: Special. Historic hike up Roaring Fork to Leconte. Picture made just after we topped out at the spring below the Lodge

	#237: Sister Mildred on Cliff Top. Mt. Leconte

	#238: Grotto Falls. Roaring Fork

	#239: Brushy from Spur on side of Leconte

	#240: Old Indian Head at Cliff Top

	#241: Trail to Halls Top. Eleanor & Charlie

	#242: Snow trail to Halls Top. Harvey Broome in background

	#243: The English Mtn. from Trail to Halls Top

	#244: Snow Trail to Halls Top

	#245: Looking across to English Mtn. from trail to Halls Top

	#246: Snow covered valley

	#247: Laurel Falls. Snow & Ice

	#248: Trickling Falls on Road Prong

	#249: Mildred & Eleanor in Deep snow on difficult hike up Road Prong to Indian Gap. Left early a.m. did not get back to car until after 7.00 PM

	#250: Road Prong in the snow

	#251: Mountain Home near Cosby (Regantown)

	#252: Silers Bald from the Leapoff on Miry Ridge

	#253: End view of Cabin in the Brier

	#254: Mildred & Eleanor. [D]eep snow - Road Prong

	#255: Deep Snow. Road Prong. Special

	#256: Rare picture of little Cabin standing in early years near trail to Porters Creek below the barn. Notice open field - now overgrown. Special

	#257: Group at Big Chestnut. Porters Flats

	#258: Trillium

	#259: Trillium in Greenbrier

	#260: Little Tub mill just above Tapoco on trail to Hangover. This primitive mill washed away in a later flood. Special

	#261: Clingman's Dome from Partons Lookout on Miry Ridge

	#262: Madrons Bald with the long lead to the right. Old Black is the dark mass to the left center. (Guyot is just behind)

	#263: 'The perfect silence.'  'Hiker' on a log. Guyot Spring. Subject of one incident on 'Once upon a mountain'

	#264: Mt. Sterling from trail between Guyot & Tri Corner Knob

	#265: Lufty Knob from Hell Ridge

	#266: Cliff Top from trail (snow)

	#267: Low Gap. Start of trip to White Rock

	#268: Looking toward White Rock from trail below Guyot

	#269: White Rock in Center background. From trail below Guyot

	#270(1): Gregory from Cades Cove

	#270(2): Cades Cove from Rich Mtn.

	#272: Cades Cove & Thunderhead from Rich Mtn.

	#273: Eagle rock (In center background). Picture made from the Bradley Lookout on the State Line

	#274: Mt. Leconte from trail beyond Dry Sluice Gap going East

	#275: Mt. Leconte from trail beyond Dry Sluice Gap going East

	#276: Mt. Leconte from State Line near Dry Sluice Gap

	#277: Charlie & Eleanor walking thru a gap. Similar to one of Dutch [Roth] at Low Gap-White Rock

	#278: Leconte from Mt. Kephart

	#279: Bald foreground. Mtn. range in distance. Halls Cabin?

	#280: Greenbrier Pinnacle from State Line trail near Laurel Top

	#281: John Oliver Cabin. Cades Cove

	#282: Eagle Rock Creek. Made on return from Labor Day hike

	#283: Ramsey Cascades

	#284: Unidentified image

	#285: Self on Brushy

	#286: Porters Creek

	#287: Leconte from brink of Ramsey Cascades (Nice framing with rhodendron foliage to right)

	#288: Leconte from brink of Ramsey Cascades

	#289: Snow trip to Leconte

	#290: Snow trip to Leconte. Alum Cove

	#291: Cliff Top - Leconte

	#292: Snow trip to Leconte

	#293: Fairy Land. Snow Trip to Leconte

	#294: Leconte Lodge

	#295: Leconte Trip. Alum Cave Bluffs. [?] offered some peril as they loosened and fell with a great crash

	#296: Alum Cave trail to Leconte (frozen 'overhead' projection)

	#297: Leconte trip in snow. Near Arch Rock

	#298: Anakeesta Ridge 'from' Alum Cave trail

	#299: Little bridge in snow near Arch Rock

	#300: Leconte in Snow

	#301: Sugarlands. From Alum Cave trail

	#302: Looking west from Alum Cave trail to Leconte

	#303: Snow drifted to great depth here (site of a great slide) [on Leconte]

	#304: Charley & Eleanor. Snow hike to Leconte

	#305: Anakeesta Ridge from Alum Cave Trail

	#306: Self - Trip to Leconte

	#307: Leconte in snow

	#308: Leconte in snow

	#309: Leconte in snow

	#310: Leconte in snow. [Chas.] DuBois

	#311: Leconte in snow. Chas. DuBois

	#312: A little waterfall on the wild and untrailed Roaring Fork

	#313: Looking over the Hangover Lead to Lake Santeetlah (from Strattons Bald)

	#314: Beckman on Hangover

	#315: Bald River Falls

	#316: Strattons Bald

	#317: Odd tree

	#318: Little Fodderstack from Stratton's Bald

	#319: Gregory from Hangover

	#320: From Hangover - to Stanteetlah Valley (Herrick Brown)

	#321: Yellow creek mts. in the middle background, showing Yellow Creek Valley. Dark masses in foreground all leads to Hangover

	#322: Could be Bald River. Rough water

	#323: Strattons Bald - Dimly seen to left background in Big Frog Mtn. near Etowah

	#324: Big Huckleberry from Strattons Bald

	#325: Little Huckleberry from Strattons Bald

	#326: Beech Gap

	#327: Hoai. Between Strattons Bald & Strawberry Knob

	#328: Tree pressed against rock

	#329: Rough waterfall. Bald River

	#330: Yellow Creek Valley from Hangover. State Line near Thunderhead in background

	#331: Looking down from Hangover to State Line - Smoky range. Lower dams below Santeetlah Creek. Special

	#332: Roaring Fork

	#333: Gibson Inn

	#334: Looking out at Gibson Inn

	#335: Gibson Inn

	#336: Noland's Creek (The coldest day!) Special

	#337: Christmas tree. Andrews Bald

	#338: Looking west from Andrews Bald. The Coldest Day

	#339: Charlie bends his back to bitter wind down Nolands creek. 'The Coldest Day'

	#340: Roma Robertson (Bowmaster) at Rockytop Thunderhead

	#341: Cades Cove from Rocky Top (Thunderhead) with Rich Mtn. in right background

	#342: Sunset. Rocky Top. Thunderhead

	#343: Unidentified image

	#344: The Great Cascades. Roaring Fork

	#345: Some one goes up for a look

	#346: Tom Brightwell on trail from Gant back to Gregory Creek

	#347: Special negative of John Oliver Home. Cades Cove

	#348: Alum Cave trail to Leconte

	#349: Anakeesta Ridge. Cliff Top looks very cold & very far away at this point

	#350: Stream. Porters flats or Chilhowee

	#351: East end of Spence Field Special

	#352: Clingmans Dome trail from Tremont

	#353: Harvey Broome. Tremont to Clingmans Dome

	#354: Bear!

	#355: Clingmans Dome from Tremont

	#357: The Cabin in Greenbrier

	#358: Harvey Broome - Roaring Fork

	#360: East End of Spence Field

	#361: Roaring Fork

	#362: Early work trip. Prof. Duncan Supt. Jean Wooster left foreground. Guy Frizzell & Tom Duncan on roof

	#363: Elvie Manley. Prof. Duncan

	This was a lovely stream just across the road from Willie Myers place, Cades Cove

	#364: Mildred Webster (Miller). With Whaley boy & his horse (dragging logs from dismantled cabins)

	#365: Foreground: Tom Duncan, Elvie Manley, Mrs. Jim Webster; Roof: Tom Duncan, Guy Frizzell, Sonny Morris

	#366: Cabin work trip

	#367: Very early picture of barn on Cabin site. Greenbrier before restoration. Now surrounded by 2nd growth timber

	#368: Old Messer Place. First work trip to Cabin site. Note condition of spring house

	#369: Cabin in the 'Brier

	#370: Early Cabin Work Trip. Time out for lunch

	#371: Herb & Tom Connell on the roof

	#372: Well built Cabin in the Greenbrier. It was from Cabins such as this that we took logs for out building of the Hiking Club Cabin

	#373: Wrecking old cabin for good timbers to be used in the Hiking Club Cabin (Note young Whaley & his horse on left)

	#374: Cabin at the Fittified Spring

	#375: Old barn in the Greenbrier

	#376: Cabin just above the Messer place - Greenbrier

	#377: Cabin in the Brier. Note open areas - now grown up

	#378: Small, but well made Cabin near Messer site

	#379: Unidentified image

	#380: Early 'work day' at the Messer site

	#381: Hiking Club group at Fittified Spring. Charlie Gibson at extreme right; Harriett Foulkes center; Jim Webster facing spring

	#382: Harvey has a 'tall' story. Cherry Orchard. Ramsey Prong

	#383: Campfire just outside Cabin in Greenbrier. Top Row: Chas. Gibson - West Barber - Roger Howell - Herb Webster - Jim Webster; 2nd Row: Jesse Dempster - Dickerman - Mrs. Jim Webster - Harriett Foulkes. Others not identified

	#384: Cabin in the Greenbrier (In contrast to other cabins, this one is weatherboarded)

	#385: Hikers on trail far below the summit of Grandfather Mtn.

	#386: A very fine barn in the Greenbrier Cove near the cabin. Well constructed, it was just as carefully [?] as its owners cabin (Note the large cleared area; Now covered with heavy second growth forest)

	#387: Scouting trip to Thunderhead via Bote Mtn. [with] Tom Duncan, Tom Brightwell, Tom Conner, [and] Herb Webster. Tom D. is trying to discourage hound dog from following us

	#388: Drinkwater Pool

	#389: Swinging bridge near Sevierville

	#390: The Chimney Saddle. Picture made by Jim Francis

	#391: Hikers on Myrtle Point, Leconte

	#392: Odd tree formation on state line near White Rock

	#394: White Oak Sinks Near Cades Cove

	#395: Winter Contrasts. Down Nolands Creed

	#396: First trip to Greenbrier. Note Chimney in background

	#397: Group at Newfound Gap gathering for hike (note construction shed)

	#398: Trip to Brushy from vacation Camp in Greenbrier. First we saw it raining below us, then we watched the clouds moving in on us. Soon, we were drenched by the heavy rain

	#399: Rabbit Creek. Tellico AreA

	#400: Mildred Webster at Bald River Falls

	#401: Thunderhead from Dry Valley Road

	#402: Geo. Barber and Friend in the 'brier patch' . Double Springs Gap

	#403: Eagle Rocks. State Line after long hard pull up Ramsey Prong to Old Black, destination, Guyot

	#404: Sheep on Standing Indian hike

	#405: Site of Halls Cabin near Thunderhead. Only a few stones mark the site. A summer dwelling for herders, bear hunters [-] quarters mecca for hikers

	#406: School House. Little Greenbrier. Note that only 5 logs were required to bring wall to proper height

	#407: Mildred gets a hand in crossing stream in Tellico Area as Sonny Morris reaches for his camera, just in case

	#408: Swimming pool near Greenbrier

	#409: Harvey Broome. Between Silers & Thunderhead

	#410: Group at Moores Spring under crest of Gregory. Sonny Morris on top of big rock. Tom Conner standing center fore ground - Tom Duncan extreme right seated

	#411: Mildred Webster on Grandfather Mtn.

	#412: Dutch [Roth] on English Mtn.

	#413: On Grandfather Mtn. - looking toward Mt. Mitchell

	#414: Ramsey Cascades. Very Special

	#415: Sister Mildred & Catherine Greenlee inside unfinished cabin at Greenbrier

	#416: Plott Balsams from Mt. Sterling Tower

	#417: English Mtn. from Brushy

	#418: English Mtn. to left background. Greenbrier Pinnacle to right. From Brushy

	#419: State Line from Brushy

	#420: Rainbow Falls [with] Boruff, Kitts, Donaldson, (M) Webster

	#421: Rainbow Falls with Maurice, Virgie, John, Clyde, Self

	#422: Charlies Bunion. From Greenbrier

	#423: The Turrentines (Jack & Father). Tom Brightwell at Double Springs Gap. Rare picture - now a wilderness. Spring in Tenn. to left; N.C. to right

	#424: Dome Falls. Roaring Fork series

	#425: State Line trail near Laurel Top. Eastern End

	#426: State Line trail near Eagle Rock

	#427: Cascades up stream in Tellico AreA

	#428: Ice Overhead! We had to watch for falling ice as well as our footing as we worked our way down the frozen gorge of Roaring Fork

	#429: Hoffman, Emerson, & Broome taking picture near Silers

	#430: Big & Little Huckleberry from trail to Strattons Bald. Trip from the Fain Ranch to Haw Knob

	#431: Dick Bagwell & the Snake [on] Haw Knob

	#432: Unidentified image 'of interest'

	#433: Big & Little Huckleberry made from tower on Haw Knob

	#434: Rainbow Falls

	#435: Wears Valley

	#436: Standing just outside the opening of the chimney shaft during heavy rain

	#437: Little Cabin at the Spring - Cherokee Orchard. Destroyed by Park Service

	#438: Drinkwater Pool

	#439: Unidentified VistA

	#440: Leconte trip. Descending wire Cable at Alum Cave. [Departed by] Bear Pen Hollow - return by Alum Cave

	#441: Unidentified Vista in Snow

	#442: Bullhead from trail to Chimneys

	#443: Old tower on Clingmans Dome

	#444: Odd track (trail rounded) in the snow on trip up the Sugarland Ridge. Harvey Broome & I made the discovery

	#445: 'We found this (horizontal) track in the snow on the return from Halls Top'

	#446: CCC Camp near Mt. Sterling P. O. (Walnut Bottoms). Labor Day Trip to White Rock & Mt. Sterling

	#447: Stream near Chimney Crossing

	#448: Pinnacle from Brushy

	#449: Silers Bald in the distance. Trip from Clingmans to Silers

	#450: Looking over brink of Ramsey Cascades to Leconte

	#451: Cows near Grandfather Mtn.

	#452: Find Gail! Velma Gail Edmondson (side of Thunderhead)

	#453: Rough Crossing! Citico Creek [in the] Tellico AreA

	#454: Valley at Low Gap on the return from Guyot

	#455: Major Campbell's Camp [on] Roan Mtn. Benton McKaye, Dutch Roth, Harvey Broome, Grogan, Gail [Edmondson], Lillie Hassis, Guy Frizzell

	#456: Charlie DuBoise at Eagle Rocks. 22 mile round trip from Newfound Gap - 2in-6in [of] snow

	#457: Frozen Head

	#458: Grandfather Mtn. Rugged climb

	#459: Unidentified VistA

	#460: House Mtn. [with] Mildred W[ebster], Sammy Downey, [and] Tom Brightwell

	#461: Charleys Bunion

	#462: Odd tree formation near Silers [with] Hugh Hoss

	#463: Citico Creek Crossing. At right, Charlie D. & Prof Duncan give assist to Harriett Foulkes, center, Sonny Morris looks on, as Hugh Hoss gives a hand to Mildred W[ebster], L[eft], & Mildred T., [Right]

	#464: Dutch. 'I know Mary [Frances [Dutchess] (Watrous) Roth] packed it some where!'

	#465: Making a fire in the rain. Roger Howell far left, Prof. Duncan crouched to right

	#466: Behind a frozen curtain. This picture was snapped by Harvey Broome on hike down Roaring Fork. All falls were frozen. We made entrance behind this fall thru hole at lower right of picture

	#467: Nances Ferry [in] Grainger County

	#468: Old Water Mill near Franklin, N.C.

	#469: A 'lecture' in the Chilhowee [by] Prof. Duncan

	#470: Chestnut Hunters on Thunderhead

	#471: Sheep on Thunderhead (Photo by Jim Francis, deceased)

	#472: Herb & Jim Francis on the Chimneys

	#473: Harvey Broome chopping Blow-down on AT near Messer, N.C.

	#474: Boys at Big Chestnut. R. C. [Wallace], Gibbs [Prevast], Wayne T[hompson]

	#474: Boys at Big Chestnut. Wayne T[hompson]

	#475: Campfire at the Cabin

	#476: Mountain home near Cosby

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': '(1953-54) Harvey Robinson'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': '1954'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': '(2013- ) Butch Jones'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': '2015'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': 'Spring Games'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': 'Football Guides'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': '(1921-25) M.B. Banks'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': '1924'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': '(1926-34, 1936-40, 1946-52) Robert Neyland'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': '1933'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': '2014'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': '1939'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': '2013'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': '(1911-15) Z.G. Clevenger'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': '1914'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': '1913'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': '1938'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': 'Postseason'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': '(2009) Lane Kiffin'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': '2009'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': '(1977-1992) Johnny Majors'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': '1992'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': 'Guides'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': '(1970-76) Bill Battle'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': '1970'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': '(1964-69) Doug Dickey'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': '1966'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': '1969'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': '(1992-2008) Phillip Fulmer'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': '2003'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': '1973'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': '1972'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': '1971'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': '(1907-09) George Levene'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': '1937'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': '1909'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': '1936'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': '(1935) W.H. Britton'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': '1935'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': '0'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': '1904'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': '1932'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': '1929'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': '1968'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': '1967'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': '(1963) Jim McDonald'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': '1963'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': '(1955-1962) Bowden Wyatt'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': '1962'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': '1961'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': '1960'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': '1959'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': '1958'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': '1931'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': '1979'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': '1957'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': '1978'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': '1977'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': '1956'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': '1976'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': '1975'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': '1974'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': '1955'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': '1999'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': '1998'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': '1997'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': '1996'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': '1995'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': '1953'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': '1994'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': '1993'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': '1952'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': '1991'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': '1990'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': '1989'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': '1951'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': '1988'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': '1930'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': '1987'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': '1986'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': '1985'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': '1984'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': '1950'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': '1983'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': '1982'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': '1981'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': '1980'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': '1928'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': '(2010-2012) Derek Dooley'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': '2012'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': '2011'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': '1949'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': '1934'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': '2010'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': '2008'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': '1948'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': '1927'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': '2007'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': '2006'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': '1947'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': '2005'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': '1926'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': '2004'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': '1946'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': '2002'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': '2001'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': '(1941-42, 1944-45) John Barnhill'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': '1945'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': '2000'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': '1964'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': '1944'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': '1941'}

	{'@displayLabel': 'Tags', '#text': '1940'}

	The Torchbearer, Volume 37, Number 2, 1998-08-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 5, Number 1, 1966-01-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 37, Number 1, 1998-05-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 36, Number 3, 1997-12-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 36, Number 2, 1997-08-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 36, Number 1, 1997-05-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 5, Number 2, 1966-03-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 35, Number 3, 1996-11

	The Torchbearer, Volume 35, Number 2, 1996-08-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 35, Number 1, 1996-01-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 34, Number 4, 1995-12-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 34, Number 3, 1995-08-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 5, Number 3, 1966-05-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 34, Number 2, 1995-05-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 34, Number 1, 1995-01-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 33, Number 4, 1994-12-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 33, Number 3, 1994-08-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 2, Number 1, 1963-01-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 33, Number 2, 1994-05-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 5, Number 4, 1966-09-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 33, Number 1, 1994-01-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 32, Number 4, 1993-12-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 32, Number 3, 1993-08-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 32, Number 2, 1993-05-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 32, Number 1, 1993-01-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 31, Number 4, 1992-12-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 5, Number 5, 1966-11-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 31, Number 3, 1992-08-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 31, Number 2, 1992-05-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 31, Number 1, 1992-01-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 30, Number 4, 1991-12-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 30, Number 3, 1991-08-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 6, Number 1, 1967-01-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 30, Number 2, 1991-05-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 30, Number 1, 1991-01-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 53, Number 1, 2014-05-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 52, Number 2, 2013-12-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 6, Number 2, 1967-03-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 52, Number 1, 2013-05-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 51, Number 2, 2012-12-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 6, Number 3, 1967-05-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 51, Number 1, 2012-05-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 50, Number 2, 2011-12-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 6, Number 4, 1967-09-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 50, Number 1, 2011-05-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 49, Number 2, 2010-12-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 6, Number 5, 1967-11

	The Torchbearer, Volume 49, Number 1, 2010-05-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 48, Number 2, 2009-01-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 48, Number 1, 2009-01-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 2, Number 2, 1963-03-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 7, Number 1, 1968-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 47, Number 1, 2008-01-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 46, Number 2, 2007-08-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 46, Number 1, 2007-01-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 7, Number 2, 1968-03

	The Torchbearer, Volume 45, Number 2, 2006-08-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 45, Number 1, 2006-05-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 44, Number 3, 2005-12-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 7, Number 3, 1968-05

	The Torchbearer, Volume 43, Number 3, 2004-12-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 43, Number 2, 2004-08-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 42, Number 2, 2003-08-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 7, Number 4, 1968-09

	The Torchbearer, Volume 42, Number 1, 2003-05-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 41, Number 3, 2002-12-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 41, Number 2, 2002-08-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 1, Number 1, 1962-09-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 41, Number 1, 2002-05-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 7, Number 5, 1968-11

	The Torchbearer, Volume 40, Number 3, 2001-12-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 40, Number 2, 2001-08-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 40, Number 1, 2001-05-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 19, Number 4, 1980-12-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 19, Number 3, 1980-08-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 2, Number 3, 1963-05-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 19, Number 2, 1980-05-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 19, Number 1, 1980-01-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 18, Number 4, 1979-12-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 18, Number 3, 1979-08-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 18, Number 2, 1979-05-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 18, Number 1, 1979-01-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 17, Number 4, 1978-12-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 2, Number 4, 1963-09-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 17, Number 3, 1978-08-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 17, Number 2, 1978-05-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 17, Number 1, 1978-01-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 16, Number 4, 1977-12-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 16, Number 3, 1977-08-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 16, Number 2, 1977-05-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 16, Number 1, 1977-01-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 15, Number 4, 1976-12-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 2, Number 5, 1963-11-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 15, Number 3, 1976-08-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 15, Number 2, 1976-05-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 15, Number 1, 1976-01-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 14, Number 4, 1975-12-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 14, Number 3, 1975-08-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 14, Number 2, 1975-05-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 14, Number 1, 1975-01-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 3, Number 5, 1964-11-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 13, Number 5, 1974-12-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 13, Number 4, 1974-08-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 13, Number 3, 1974-05-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 13, Number 2, 1974-03-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 13, Number 1, 1974-01-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 12, Number 5, 1973-11-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 12, Number 4, 1973-09-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 12, Number 3, 1973-05-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 12, Number 2, 1973-03-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 12, Number 1, 1973-01-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 3, Number 4, 1964-09-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 11, Number 5, 1972-11-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 11, Number 4, 1972-09-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 11, Number 3, 1972-05-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 11, Number 2, 1972-03-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 11, Number 1, 1972-01-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 10, Number 5, 1971-11-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 10, Number 4, 1971-09-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 10, Number 3, 1971-05-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 10, Number 2, 1971-03-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 10, Number 1, 1971-01-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 3, Number 3, 1964-05-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 8, Number 1, 1969-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 8, Number 2, 1969-03

	The Torchbearer, Volume 8, Number 3, 1969-05

	The Torchbearer, Volume 8, Number 4, 1969-09-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 8, Number 5, 1969-11-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 9, Number 1, 1970-01-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 9, Number 2, 1970-03-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 3, Number 2, 1964-03-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 9, Number 3, 1970-05-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 9, Number 4, 1970-09-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 9, Number 5, 1970-11-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 29, Number 4, 1990-12-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 29, Number 3, 1990-08-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 29, Number 2, 1990-05-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 3, Number 1, 1964-01-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 29, Number 1, 1990-01-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 28, Number 4, 1989-12-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 28, Number 3, 1989-08-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 28, Number 2, 1989-05-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 4, Number 1, 1965-01-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 28, Number 1, 1989-01-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 27, Number 3, 1988-08-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 27, Number 2, 1988-05-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 1, Number 2, 1962-11-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 27, Number 1, 1988-01-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 26, Number 3, 1987-12-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 26, Number 2, 1987-05-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 4, Number 2, 1965-03-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 26, Number 1, 1987-01-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 25, Number 4, 1986-12-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 25, Number 3, 1986-08-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 25, Number 2, 1986-05-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 25, Number 1, 1986-01-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 24, Number 4, 1985-12-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 24, Number 3, 1985-08-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 24, Number 2, 1985-05-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 24, Number 1, 1985-01-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 23, Number 4, 1984-12-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 4, Number 3, 1965-05-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 23, Number 3, 1984-08-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 23, Number 2, 1984-05-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 23, Number 1, 1984-01-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 22, Number 4, 1983-12-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 22, Number 3, 1983-08-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 22, Number 2, 1983-05-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 22, Number 1, 1983-01-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 21, Number 4, 1982-12-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 21, Number 3, 1982-08-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 21, Number 2, 1982-05-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 21, Number 1, 1982-01-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 20, Number 4, 1981-12-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 20, Number 3, 1981-08-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 20, Number 2, 1981-05-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 4, Number 4, 1965-09-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 20, Number 1, 1981-01-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 39, Number 2, 2000-08-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 38, Number 2, 1999-08-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 4, Number 5, 1965-11-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 38, Number 1, 1999-05-01

	The Torchbearer, Volume 37, Number 3, 1998-12-01

	The reverse of two pages identify W. H. Hubbard as the minister of Emmanuel Baptist Church.

	Two copies.

	The two attached quotes may or may not have come from Keyser. He did send material to Bryan per other letters.

	Date is written in day month year format.

	This issue of LIFE published in March 1925.

	{'@type': 'provenance', '#text': 'One of multiple documents from a single source in Texas.'}

	On back of second page: "Missent to Dayton Ohio. We regret the delay."

	4 copies

	2 copies

	Two newspaper clippings about Neil attached.

	Similar letter sent in May to Herbert Hicks, announcing gift of the same book.

	Letter is identical in content to one described previously, but is typed on Hicks & Hicks stationery and includes Sue K. Hicks' signature.

	Written on reverse of act authored by Boyd (a state representative.)

	This letter is very badly wrinkled and somewhat torn.

	Duplicate of letter in same folder. This one is on Hicks & Hicks stationery, and has the word 'copy' written in the margin in pencil.

	This is the second of a two-page document. The complete document, "Dayton Contrasts," is found in Box 5, Folder 14.

	Text typed backwards.

	One corner has been torn off and was elsewhere in the file.

	Hole on second postscript.

	Marshall also attended the trial.

	Handwritten inscription: "Presented to H.E. Hicks by W.J. Bryan at Nashville, Tennessee, June 5 1925."

	Two copies

	Letter is very badly ripped and only parts of the first paragraph remain.

	The first 1-2 pages are missing from the exam.

	Top right corner of document is missing, including parts of two lines of text.

	Letter is missing pieces on the right side.

	Letter is extremely wrinkled and has large tear down one wrinkle.

	Letter is extremely wrinkled.

	Much paper is missing along the left side of the pages, but the only word fully missing appears to be the opening "LADIES"

	Handwritten note on reverse of second page lists events.

	6 copies

	Though classified as an examination, this may instead be student work.

	Handwritten note on reverse.

	3 copies.

	Written on stationery from Chattanooga hotel. Creator appears to be on familiar terms with Sue. First and middle initials are signed W.A. but the last is unclear.

	The bottom of the manuscript with authorial information is largely missing, but what is present matches information given in "Evolutionitis"

	This is the first page of a two-page document. The second page is in Box 5, Folder 10. A complete document appears later in this folder.

	Inscription, page 5: "Presented by W.J. Bryan to Herbert Hicks, at Nashville, Tenn. 6/4/25"

	Letter has been torn and taped.

	Handwritten note at bottom, possibly by Hicks.

	{note: writing thesis on Legal side of Scopes Trail}

	The pages have been stored out of order in keeping with the archive history, but transcription was done in order as some questions carried over between pages.

	Original letter; paper copy found earlier in folder.

	Original copy; typed copy of letter found earlier in folder.

	Original copy of letter; typed copy is found earlier in file.

	Handwritten copy; typed copy is found earlier in folder.

	Original letter; a typewritten copy is found earlier in folder.

	Paper copy of telegram is found earlier in the same folder.

	Handwritten note in red in top corner

	Copy of letter found earlier in folder.

	One or more pages may be missing.

	Paper copy of telegram is found earlier in same folder.

	May be connected to earlier "First page of letter" but picks up mid-sentence where previous first page left off at the end of a sentence.

	Start of same letter is typed on reverse.

	Typewritten copy of handwritten letter in same folder.

	Paper copy of telegram found earlier in folder.

	Copy of letter earlier in file.

	Paper copy of telegram listed earlier in folder.

	Paper copy of typewritten received telegram, which is the same as handwritten telegram earlier in folder.

	Left side of letter is crumpled, torn away in places.

	The envelope lists no sender, but handwriting appears to match Bryan's and it was sent from the same hotel as another envelope from Bryan.

	Contains 4 typewritten pages, and extra handwritten notes on verso of 3rd typewritten page.

	Written on back of Tennessee Mutual Building & Loan Association (of Chattanooga) letterhead. First two pages of a longer document.

	contains handwritten annotations.

	Closely related to 0021.

	No version of this speech appears in transcripts of the Scopes trial.

	Outline for 0023.

	Closely related to 0023

	Written on back of Tennessee Mutual Building & Loan Association (of Chattanooga) letterhead.

	Draft starts on page (2), goes on to page (3), then an unnumbered page, then 2-6. They may be pages from more than one document.

	Composed on reverse of stationery from First Presbyterian Church in San Antonio.

	Composed on reverse of stationery from First Presbyterian Church in San Antonio, TX.

	Written on the reverse of The National Reform Association stationery.

	Written on the reverse of election ballots; some scorch marks.

	Author is unlikely to be either Hicks brother as they are referenced in the letter.

	This draft is a separate one from the previous draft on the same subject.

	Second copy.

	H.C. Whydaman is printed as H.C. Wyndam in this copy.

	This is a publication by students at the University of Tennessee, Knoxville.

	Annotation: M.R.C; 1959-03-24

	Document ID: wcc038

	Document ID: wcc006

	Document ID: wcc039

	Document ID: wcc007

	Document ID: wcc042

	Document ID: wcc008

	Document ID: wcc048

	Document ID: wcc009

	Document ID: wcc050

	Document ID: wcc011

	Document ID: wcc051

	Document ID: wcc012

	Document ID: wcc053

	Document ID: wcc013

	Document ID: wcc054

	Document ID: wcc014

	Document ID: wcc055

	Document ID: wcc015

	Document ID: wcc056

	Document ID: wcc016

	Document ID: wcc057

	Document ID: wcc017

	Document ID: wcc058

	Document ID: wcc018

	Document ID: wcc059

	Document ID: wcc019

	Document ID: wcc060

	Document ID: wcc020

	Document ID: wcc061

	Document ID: wcc021

	Document ID: wcc063

	Document ID: wcc022

	Document ID: wcc064

	Document ID: wcc023

	Document ID: wcc065

	Document ID: wcc024

	Document ID: wcc066

	Document ID: wcc025

	Document ID: wcc067

	Document ID: wcc026

	Document ID: wcc068

	Document ID: wcc027

	Document ID: wcc069

	Document ID: wcc028

	Document ID: wcc070

	Document ID: wcc029

	Document ID: wcc073

	Document ID: wcc030

	Document ID: wcc075

	Document ID: wcc031

	Document ID: wcc076

	Document ID: wcc032

	Document ID: wcc079

	Document ID: wcc033

	Document ID: wcc080

	Document ID: wcc034

	Document ID: wcc081

	Document ID: wcc035

	Document ID: wcc082

	Document ID: wcc036

	Document ID: wcc083

	Document ID: wcc037

	Document ID: wcc043

	Document ID: wcc084

	Document ID: wcc044

	Document ID: wcc085

	Document ID: wcc045

	Document ID: wcc086

	Document ID: wcc046

	Document ID: wcc087

	Document ID: wcc047

	Document ID: wcc088

	Document ID: wcc089

	Document ID: wcc090

	Document ID: wcc091

	Document ID: wcc092

	Document ID: wcc093

	Document ID: wcc094

	Document ID: wcc095

	Document ID: wcc096

	Document ID: wcc097

	Document ID: wcc100

	Document ID: wcc101

	Document ID: wcc102

	Document ID: wcc104

	Document ID: wcc105

	Document ID: wcc106

	Document ID: wcc107

	Document ID: wcc108

	1950- C. G. Maynatt and others.

	University of Tennessee (Knoxville campus)

	1949- C. G. Maynatt and others.

	1948- C. G. Maynatt and others.

	1927- C. G. Maynatt and others.

	1947- C. G. Maynatt and others.

	1946- C. G. Maynatt and others.

	1951- C. G. Maynatt and others.

	1929- C. G. Maynatt and others.

	1928- C. G. Maynatt and others.

	1926- C. G. Maynatt and others.

	1925- C. G. Maynatt and others.

	1924- C. G. Maynatt and others.

	1923- C. G. Maynatt and others.

	1922- C. G. Maynatt and others.

	1938- C. G. Maynatt and others.

	1937- C. G. Maynatt and others.

	1936- C. G. Maynatt and others.

	1935- C. G. Maynatt and others.

	1934- C. G. Maynatt and others.

	1920- C. G. Maynatt and others.

	1933- C. G. Maynatt and others.

	1932- C. G. Maynatt and others.

	1931- C. G. Maynatt and others.

	1930- C. G. Maynatt and others.

	1945- C. G. Maynatt and others.

	1944- C. G. Maynatt and others.

	1943- C. G. Maynatt and others.

	1942- C. G. Maynatt and others.

	1941- C. G. Maynatt and others.

	1940- C. G. Maynatt and others.

	1939- C. G. Maynatt and others.

	1955- C. G. Maynatt and others.

	1954- C. G. Maynatt and others.

	1953- C. G. Maynatt and others.

	1952- C. G. Maynatt and others.

	1921- C. G. Maynatt and others.

	1963- C. G. Maynatt and others.

	1962- C. G. Maynatt and others.

	1961- C. G. Maynatt and others.

	1960- C. G. Maynatt and others.

	1959- C. G. Maynatt and others.

	1958- C. G. Maynatt and others.

	1957- C. G. Maynatt and others.

	1956- C. G. Maynatt and others.

	1964- C. G. Maynatt and others.

	1965- C. G. Maynatt and others.

	1971- C. G. Maynatt and others.

	1970- C. G. Maynatt and others.

	1969- C. G. Maynatt and others.

	1968- C. G. Maynatt and others.

	1967- C. G. Maynatt and others.

	1966- C. G. Maynatt and others.

	1979- C. G. Maynatt and others.

	1978- C. G. Maynatt and others.

	1977- C. G. Maynatt and others.

	1976- C. G. Maynatt and others.

	1975- C. G. Maynatt and others.

	1974- C. G. Maynatt and others.

	1973- C. G. Maynatt and others.

	1972- C. G. Maynatt and others.


Total distinct values: 9459
